Before heading down to the platform, Xu Kong took a moment to engage in what was becoming a nightly practice: checking in with the super for a report on Tibbetts’ progress. 

“The problem, Phil, as I see it, is that he is just not a careful person,” Xu Kong said when the door was closed behind him. 

“Meaning what?”

“Meaning, he goes too fast, he brakes too hard, and I have no confidence that he is paying as close attention to the tunnels as he should be.”

“Based on what?”

“Based on spending every fucking night with the puk gai! He is a disaster waiting to happen.”

“Look, Kong,” Phil said, reclining heavily in his chair, “I understand that this kid isn’t a real pleasant traveling buddy. But I don’t think you’re being realistic.”

“I thought you stuck me with him for a reason. If you have so little faith in my judgment, then what was the point?”

“The point, Kong, was for you to toughen him up a little. Not for you to come running in here and tell me that the little shit’s a lost cause. You wanna call up Jerry Tibbetts and tell him how big a fuck-up Junior is? I’m sure you’ve got the number for union HQ kicking around somewhere.”

“That seems rather beside the point,” Xu Kong said. “Since when is it my job to call up anybody and tell them anything? Is this your way of offering me a promotion?”

“The fuck outta here, Kong,” the super said, waving dismissively at the door. 

Xu Kong slammed it behind him on the way out.

“Everything OK?” Tibbetts asked.

“Gui loh moh,” Xu Kong said, marching right past him and out of the crew room to go take up his post on the night’s train, Tibbetts trailing behind.  

When he reached the bottom of the stairs at the platform, he turned abruptly on his heel and jabbed a finger at Tibbetts. The sudden stop caused Tibbetts to lose his balance and take a hard seat about four steps up. The surprise in his face couldn’t mask the fear. 

“You listen to me, gwai lo,” Xu Kong said. “We are not going to have this conversation a second time. When we get on that train, every word that comes out of my mouth is law. I am conductor, you are motorman. That means you operate the motor, and I do every other fucking thing that is going to be done on that train. And that includes deciding how fast we are going to go, when we are going to start, and when we are going to stop. You do not worry about the schedule. You do not worry about making up time in the tunnel. We are not competing with anybody. You are not appearing on America’s Next Top Train Operator.  Your job is to do two things. One, every last fucking thing I tell you to do. Two, keep your eyes on all those identical miles of track and tunnel over and over again and find the one thing that is out of place. And then stop the fucking train before we run it over. Nothing else. I don’t care if your father is the Queen of Denmark. Are you understanding me?”

“Yep,” Tibbetts said. He seemed to have gotten over his momentary fear as Xu Kong’s tirade wore on – what did he think he was going to do, punch him? – and returned to his usual inexplicable confidence. 

Xu Kong turned and walked away without another word, nodding to the conductor he was relieving and loudly closing his compartment door and opening his window. He watched as Tibbetts trudged huffily to the front of the train and got in. 

“Radio check.”

“Yep.”

“You are supposed to say ‘radio check,’ TO.”

“Yeah, OK, fine, radio check.”

“Check.”  Xu Kong thought for a moment, then hit the button again. “The point of this exercise, TO, is to confirm that you can hear me and I can hear you. Does that sound like it might be worth your while?”

“Yep.”

“You are supposed to say ‘10-4,’ TO. This code signifies that you acknowledge and accept the instructions you have received from me. Is that all right?”

“Jeez, what the hell’s your problem today?” came the reply. 

Xu Kong waited, wrapping his fingers around the harmonica in his jacket pocket. He began to count, working the slide with each uptick in the number. When he got to 14, the intercom crackled again. 

“10-4,” Tibbetts said. 

Xu Kong checked the clock on his control panel and then leaned out the window. Looking both ways, he saw the platform was fairly sleepy, typical for a mid-week night. He punched the PA button. “7 to Times Square next stop Willets Point stand clear closing doors.” The doors chimed and closed in the rear, then the front, and Xu Kong switched over to the intercom again. “TO, we are clear,” he said. 

“10-4,” Tibbetts replied. Xu Kong smiled. 

But Tibbetts’ chastening lasted all of about three stations, and by the time they reached Junction Boulevard his heavy hand on the throttle and brake was starting to return.

“TO, ease up on that acceleration a little,” Xu Kong said after they pulled out of the station.

“10-4.”

But then at 90th Street he pulled in hot and braked so roughly that Xu Kong banged his head against the compartment’s front window.

“TO,” he shouted into the intercom, waiting to open the doors for an excruciating few seconds. “I said to ease up. You came in fast and you braked hard. Are your controls functioning?”

“10-4.”

“I asked you a question. You cannot just say ‘10-4.’”

“They’re fine. 10-4.”

Xu Kong saw he had created a monster with this 10-4 business. He wondered if his life would have been full of these kinds of conversations if Yuming had been able to conceive. 

“TO,” he said, “whatever time you think you are saving by driving like this is going to be wasted if I have to stop and lecture you at every station. Do I have to take this train out of service?” Does somebody need a time-out?

“10-4,” Tibbetts said. 

“Fuck your 10-4,” Xu Kong said to himself, sliding his window down and opening the doors. “90th Street 7 to Times Square 82nd Street next stand clear.” Bi-bong. Tibbetts jammed on the throttle. Xu Kong braced himself and countered by pulling his brake override. The train jerked to a stop.

“Shall we try that again, TO?” he said into the intercom.

“10-4.”

The train pulled away smoothly this time but soon accelerated to slightly beyond the recommended 25 mph — not only obnoxious but fairly dangerous on the elevated tracks.

“TO, reduce your speed, please.”

No response, no change.

“TO, reduce speed, do you copy?”

Nothing. 

“TO, do you copy?”

“You’re distracting me.”

Without another word, Xu Kong pulled his brake override again, and the train glided to a stop a few hundred feet out from the station. Then he radioed the dispatcher. 

“Control, this is Flushing 2106. We are just outside 82nd Street and we are going out of service, over.”

“10-4, Flushing 2106. Await signal at 82nd Street, over.”

“10-4.” He switched over to intercom. “TO, we are going out of service. We are going to detrain all passengers at 82nd and wait for the signal to cross over to the express track for return to Corona. Do you copy?”

“Gahhh! You are such a fucking asshole!” He could hear a muffled thump, presumably made by Tibbetts pounding his pale little fists against his console.

“10-4,” Xu Kong said.