“TO,” Xu Kong said. “Listen to me.” His voice took on a gentle tone. “Protocol is for the motorman to leave the train and inspect the tracks for confirmation. Do you copy?”

“Copy.”

“Do you think you can do that?”

“10-4.”

Xu Kong enjoyed a few seconds of relief before the radio crackled again.

“No, I don’t think I can do that,” Tibbetts said. 

“OK. Remain in the cab. I am going to go down on the tracks and perform a visual inspection. Do you copy?”

“10-4.”

Xu Kong sighed. He checked his flashlight and radio to confirm that they both worked. He switched on the PA. “We are being held here for a moment please be patient.” Then he exited his compartment and keyed open a single door to exit onto the platform.

“Can we get off?” said a man in the car.

“You can do whatever the hell you want,” Xu Kong said. He walked toward the front of the train, slowly, dreading the distance each step carried him closer to what he was about to see.

As he walked, a few people on the platform asked him what was happening. He could not remember what he was supposed to say to passengers in this situation. Each time he said, “Just a minute. I have to check on something.”

One car back from the front, he came upon the person he had seen leaning on the train. It was definitely a woman. It was hard to pin down her age exactly; she was small, even petite, wearing a childish pink dress with pictures of rabbits all over it, but her arms and what he could see of her back were completely covered in intricate tattoos. Why did they do that to themselves? Well, it didn’t much matter right now, did it? Was this really the time for him to turn into the old grouch muttering about kids and their tattoos?

The woman didn’t move. She didn’t look up, look to the front, or look at him like most of the other people on the platform were doing. She just leaned on that train car, head hanging down. Too tired to care? Too drunk? That was how these damned things happened, after all. 

At the front of the train he nodded to Tibbetts, whose face had gone whiter than usual, and leaned over the edge to have a look, shining his flashlight down on the tracks. Nothing to see but trash and filthy water. This was not a surprise, but Xu Kong thought he might get lucky. “Lucky.” He continued to the front of the platform and climbed down the short ladder marked “Authorized Personnel Only,” stepping over the chain strung across the top. Between the tracks, he walked back toward the train, stepping on the wooden ties and avoiding the muck between them. He walked slowly; he had not done this since his schoolcar days and he feared losing his balance.

When he reached the train, he saw the woman in the pink rabbit dress had moved to the front of the train and was staring down at the tracks. She looked to be in shock. She also looked to be more of a girl than a woman. A Chinese girl, with pink in her hair and horn-rimmed glasses. She couldn’t be older than her mid-20s.

He pointed his flashlight at the front of the train car, moving it left to right along the lower edge. It was dirty as hell, of course. There was a dark reddish smear that could have been blood, but he could not say for sure. He bent as far forward as he could and shone the light under the train. Nothing, but he could only see in a few feet from this angle. He bent further, resting his other hand against one of the rails to keep himself from falling, and brought his face as low as he dared. He swung the beam back and forth and gasped as it reflected a glint of red. He trained the beam on that spot. It was definitely something that should not have been there, but it was too far away to clearly see what it was.

Xu Kong stood. He would have to get closer. The station had a single island platform, and there was no clearance on the far side of the train, which meant he would have to crouch down underneath the platform and scuttle back to where he could get a clear visual. He shook his head. Then he looked up at Tibbetts, pointing to indicate where he would be going, and ducked his head. Leaning on the train body for balance, he stepped down into the fetid trench that ran alongside the track and worked his way back. 

When he reached the second car, he bent forward to look underneath. And there it was.

It was a person. A man. The face was turned toward him but distorted, compressed somehow. The arm that he could see appeared to be at a strange angle. He looked away. He closed his eyes. He thought for a moment.

He had visual confirmation of a person under the train. Before calling it in, he was supposed to try and establish the person’s condition. How the fuck was he supposed to do that? 

He opened his eyes again and forced himself to look again. Well, this person’s condition was clearly unenviable. Was that good enough?

“Um,” he said, clearing his throat. “Ah. Excuse me?” He felt like an idiot. “Sir? Can you hear me?” No response. Now what — poke him with a stick? He stared for a moment, then looked at the flashlight in his hand. He reached out with it, stretching, until he met resistance. “Sir?” he said. The flashlight was touching the man’s hand. No response. Enough. He retracted his arm. The flashlight had a streak of red blood covering part of the lens. He made his way back out from under the train.

First he looked up at Tibbetts, who had his eyes closed. Well, fuck him. He turned to the girl with the tattoos, pointing the bloody flashlight at her. She was staring at him. She had an empty look in her eyes. He stared back at her. He played the flashlight across her eyes. She blinked and seemed to suddenly realize what was happening. She looked at him expectantly. He shook his head. Her expression didn’t change at all.

Well, OK, fine. Maybe his hunch about her was wrong. Just another rubbernecker. He unclipped the radio from his belt and brought it up to his mouth. Then, even though he knew it was rather a futile gesture, he turned his back to the platform. 

 “Control, 12-1,” he said. This was the emergency code to clear the airwaves. “Control, this is Times Square 0006 at Fifth Avenue. Uh. Reporting a 12-9. Over.”

“Copy that, Times Square 0006. NYPD is en route to your location. What’s the condition of the 12-9? Over.”

“Well, he’s pretty much, uh, he’s not...” What was the word? “12-9 is unresponsive. Over.”

“Copy that. Sit tight and see if anyone on the platform witnessed the incident. Police and EMS en route. Over.”

“10-4.”

Xu Kong turned back around. A few more people had gathered at the edge of the platform. The girl in the pink dress was gone.