Xu Kong was awakened by the ringing of his phone, a sound so infrequent that for a split second he couldn’t quite place it. At the third ring he turned to look at the alarm clock on his nightstand. It was a little after 5 p.m., and the room was suffused with the pale orange glow of the setting sun. He sat up, rubbing his eyes, and shuffled into the kitchen to grab the receiver. 

It was Yuming.

“Oh, did I wake you up?”

“Yes, I am on the night shift.”

“Sorry. Should I let you go?”

“No, I am up now. It is just a little early, is all.”

“OK. So. How are you doing then?”

“Fine.”

“OK.” She paused. “Well I was wondering, uh, if maybe you’d like to have dinner tonight. Or you know, breakfast, I guess. Catch up a little.”

Xu Kong scratched the back of his head, thought for a few seconds.

“Where?”

“Little Pepper?”

This had been their favorite restaurant even back before they were married, when they would make the trip out here from Manhattan to sample its incendiary brand of Sichuan cooking, and it remained their default rendezvous spot.

“Will 6:30 be OK?”

“Yes, that’s fine. I’m coming from the city anyway.”

“All right. I will see you then.”

The restaurant was only about a ten-minute walk away from his apartment building, so Xu Kong used the time to shower, shave, straighten up his bedsheets, wash some dishes, bring his trash and a bag of empty bottles down the hall to the garbage chute. Then he plucked a jacket from the hook by the door and headed downtown to the restaurant. 

These get-togethers had become an every-few-months ritual in the three years since Yuming had moved out. She was always the one to initiate them — not once in that time, in fact, had Xu Kong called her. Her pretext was always that she was just checking in on him or worried about him or something of that nature, but clearly there was something in it for her as well. After all, at least as of their last congress, she remained single as well.  Focusing on her career, she said. It was some small consolation, he figured, that while he had made himself impossible to live with, he had not yet become completely loathsome.

From down Roosevelt Avenue he could see the dingy white awning of the restaurant, the crap red vinyl lettering in English and Chinese, the daft cartoon pepper that acted like a scarecrow for the random passersby who did not already know of this place by reputation. He was late and she was early, because that was the way of things. When he walked in he saw her at a table in the back, waved, and walked back past the cold appetizer case to meet her. She stood and reached her arms out for a hug as he approached. 

“So good to see you,” she said. 

“You look nice today,” he replied, and she did, her smart burgundy skirt suit hugging her tall, ample frame. Xu Kong felt more schlumpy than usual in her presence with his rumpled autumn jacket and scuffed brown shoes, slightly disoriented after going directly from bed to dinner.

“Thanks,” she said. “I had to give a presentation today. New client.”

“Anything noteworthy?”

“Well, not yet. Another development on the Bowery.” 

To say that Li Yuming was an urban planner by trade was to understate the matter woefully. Born in Kowloon, raised in Lower Manhattan, and born again unto the gospel of Jane Jacobs, she had the communitarian chaos of urbanism encoded in her DNA and bus rapid transit coursing through her veins. She had studied at NYU and worked in city government for most of the time Xu Kong had known her, most notably as part of the team that developed PlaNYC, the Bloomberg administration’s comprehensive vision for reshaping the city to his liking. Now she was with some private consulting firm that advised developers on how not to wreck the city they so eagerly profited from.

Without discussion or hesitation Xu Kong ordered their usual: cold cucumber salad, dan dan noodles and stir-fried chicken with kai-lan, to be shared family-style. 

“How’s work for you?” she asked.

“Going all to hell, of course,” Xu Kong said. “Things are desperate enough that they actually have me mentoring some dumb kid.”

Yuming smiled, a little bit sourly. Clearly the years of separation had done little to dampen her irritation at his flippant outlook on the mess his life had become. 

“He is the son of some big union guy, in fact,” he continued, trying to salvage the tidbit. “So that could be a good thing.”

“It could.” She slurped her hot tea gingerly. 

They filled the wait with more of the usual inane small talk, then fell silent as they filled their faces with Sichuan comfort food. As always, Xu Kong relished the addictive sensation of the distinctive Sichuan pepper, a tingling rather than a burning sensation that set his mouth to watering without tiring out his taste buds or inflaming his stomach. The check and a dish of orange slices capped off the meal. 

“Let me get this, Ah-ming,” Xu Kong said, as was the custom. “You came all the way out here, after all.”

“Thank you, Kong.”

Back on the greasy sidewalk, buses rumbled by on the way to their usual idling spots on Roosevelt. 

“What time do you go in tonight?” Yuming asked.

“Nine. Would you like to stop home for a bit before you go?” Xu Kong replied. “Home. Well, you know what I mean.”

Yuming looked at her watch. “Sure,” she said, holding up her end of the unspoken routine. “Let’s do. Have you got some wine?”

“I think so. But remember, that was just my breakfast.”

“You don’t have to have any.” She smiled, and they walked quietly through the dark. 

Back at the apartment, Xu Kong brewed a pot of coffee and Yuming poured herself a healthy glass of cabernet. 

“It’s okay to open this?” she asked of the still-corked bottle. Xu Kong nodded. He didn’t drink the stuff, but he always kept a bottle on hand for when Yuming popped by. Sometimes he would finish what she left, and sometimes he would let it fester and turn to vinegar in the bottle. 

She sat at the kitchen table with her glass, and while his coffee percolated Xu Kong slipped into the living room to put on a CD. The music emanated from every corner of the apartment and filled the air like the sound of a plane passing overhead.

“Debussy,” Yuming said as the first few dreamy, atonal piano chords were struck. She closed her eyes, taking a moment to feel the richness of the sound.

“This is such a great performance,” Xu Kong said, pouring a mug of coffee and opening the refrigerator to retrieve some milk. “Richter. He does it best, I think.”

“He is good,” she said. “Do you know Ogawa? Her Etudes are really incredible also. Breathtaking.”

“Ogawa. It does not sound familiar.”

“She’s got a whole boxed set. I would look for it, it’s worth it.”

Xu Kong nodded again, sipped loudly at his coffee. Yuming finished her wine in a final, long sip and stood up. “Shall we?” she said, removing her suit jacket and draping it over the back of her chair. Then she took his hand and led him to the bedroom they had shared. He set his coffee down on top of the dresser after one more sip. 

When they were finished, Xu Kong lay beside her, the several inches of space between them preventing his mind from wandering too far into the past. The boundaries of their post-marital relationship were as clear as the white line of bedsheet that separated their bodies now. This was an act of companionship and empathy between them, more utilitarian than passionate, a kind of physical alimony to maintain the standards of living they were accustomed to. These were Ah-ming’s rules, no less clear for being entirely unspoken. 

“I have to get ready for work,” he said. He rose from the bed and began dressing, retrieving one of his NYCT uniforms from the closet, stepping into the hallway to comb his hair in front of the mirror that hung there. He heard stirring in the bedroom and Yuming emerged, as comfortably naked as when this had been her home, and walked toward the bathroom. At the door to the spare bedroom she paused. Xu Kong heard her halting footsteps and turned to her. He had left the door ajar, something he never did when she visited but must have forgotten about in the foggy aftermath of his interrupted sleep. She had stopped mid-step and turned to her right, facing the doorway and staring with planted feet. He knew what had caught her eye, since it was at the root of the pretext of privacy that led him to keep that door so tightly shut in the first place. 

“Xu Kong, you have got to get rid of that fucking thing,” she said, without taking her eyes off the old crib. Then she turned her back to him, continuing to the bathroom, and pushed the door shut with her foot.