They got off at Vernon-Jackson, the last stop in Queens, and climbed the stairs into Hunters Point, the heart of Long Island City. He led her north up Vernon Boulevard, which was packed with bars, restaurants, cafès, boutiques (for both people and pets), art galleries, high-end real estate offices and odd faux-antique stores — for about four blocks. They went seven. Nothing remained but bodegas, garages, trade union offices, Italian social clubs and aluminum-sided houses.

Then they turned left and it got even worse, a pitted, unlit street with pockmarked sidewalks lined with scrap houses, factories and warehouses, all in varying stages of underuse or slouching abandonment. Basically what Williamsburg and Bushwick must have looked like to the first vanguard of white kids back in the day. The East River was just a few blocks further down, beyond a wall of plasticky luxury high-rises that looked like a suburbanite’s idea of what nice buildings in the city would be, glorified dorms for the Division-I douchebags outgrowing Murray Hill.

“Where the fuck are you taking me?” Sugar said. “We haven’t seen another human being in like three blocks.”

“It’s right over there,” the guy said, pointing to a decaying four-story brick building with indifferently boarded-up windows that would have looked even more neglected than most of its neighbors if not for the dim flickering light and shadows of movement on the top floor. 

The door was unmarked, unguarded and unlocked. He shoved it open to reveal a wide concrete staircase lit by a hanging bare bulb, and beyond it the dim suggestions of rusty, forgotten industry and decades of transient junk.

“We gotta go upstairs,” the guy said. 

“No shit.”

As they climbed, the muffled sounds of music and people milling around grew louder, and at the top was a door with a guy working it. He was perched on a stool wearing tiny pants, a skinny tie and a vest, the glow of his iPhone reflected in his cherry-red Wayfarers. He looked up as they approached and Sugar’s guy just nodded at him. He in turn nodded his head in the direction of the door, which had a strip of scrap metal affixed above it with the words “The Silent Mill” screen−printed on it in stylish Gothic letters. They entered. 

The door opened onto a massive open space that looked like a cross between a loft studio, an art gallery, a rock club, a tech startup and the common room in a college dorm. It was busy but not quite crowded, underlining its insider cachet, and it smelled of beer, pot, sweat and bicycle tires. 

The walls were lined with paintings, grainy blown-up photo prints, collages, drawings and other sorts of things that could be attached to a wall, including the obligatory deer’s head and a grease−caked menuboard from a deli with the white plastic letters rearranged into some kind of maudlin poem:

BEER

RIVERS AND SEAS OF BEER

THE RADIO SINGING LOVE SONGS

AS THE PHONE REMAINS SILENT

AND THE WALLS STAND

STRAIGHT UP AND DOWN

AND BEER IS ALL THERE IS.

One corner held a structure of dirty white walls that reached about two-third the way to the ceiling, with a row of doors like half a hallway built for a movie set; in another, people and their laptops were huddled on couches and chairs around low tables and surrounded by disassembled, reassembled and bastardized vintage electronics, including a pinball machine and something that looked like a hollowed-out arcade cabinet. The rest of it was scattered through with an assortment of beat-up sofas, chairs and tables. On the far wall, in between the kitchen in one corner and a pile of pipes, planks and a single stump-limbed but provocatively dressed mannequin in the other, was the band, rocking moodily with a revolving sequence of images and video clips projected on the wall behind them, providing most of the room’s light. 

“Dude,” Sugar said. “Yes.” She was already starting to drift away towards the stage as the guy stuck $10 in the coffee can mounted on the wall with a “$5 suggested donation” sign duct-taped to it.

There were five guys on the stage — a guitarist, clean-shaven and dressed like a '50s greaser with a David Lynch hairdo; a bass player in a tweed vest and pants singing falsetto lead vocals through the tendrils of his mustache; another in a white fedora playing the keytar and a synthesizer; a drummer, with the drummer’s typical aversion to wearing shirts; and the fifth in a tie and sunglasses with a saxophone slung around his neck. They were pounding out a leisurely, steady brand of 1998-Sunday-morning-VH1 soft rock nostalgia that Sugar in that moment found bizarrely enthralling. 

But then some guy bumped into her while expounding upon a piece of art on the wall, and hearing the phrase “mythological taxidermy” broke the spell. She noticed that her guy had gone in the opposite direction, opening a refrigerator near where they had come in. 

As she got closer she saw the fridge had another can stuffed with bills stuck to its door. “Make a donation in my name?” she said as she pulled the door open to reveal rows upon rows of cans, bottles, cheap beer, craft beer. She grabbed a can of Tecate and popped the top gleefully. 

“Are you sure that’s, you know, a good idea?” the guy asked as she downed about a third of it in a single greedy swallow. He looked genuinely concerned and generally bewildered. “I mean, if you’re going to the, you know,” — he lowered his voice — “to the hospital tomorrow.”

She belched loudly. “I’ll take that under advisement, Dr. Flannel,” she said. The alcohol flooded her body, making up for the lost time on their journey to the middle of nowhere, and she felt herself starting to let go again. The music called to her, and she began moving toward it. 

This time he followed. But now that they were here, there was no longer a reason to fight the urge to be bored with him. She just wanted him gone. 

The band finished a song to scattered applause. “Thanks, we’re AIDS Parade,” the bass player said, as the face of Johnny Depp morphed into a skull on the wall behind him (a clip from Jim Jarmusch’s “Dead Man,” as everyone in the room surely knew). Then the drummer tapped his sticks together, and they were off again. 

“So the bass player,” the guy said loudly into her ear, leaning in close to be heard, smelling warmly of beer. “His name’s Peter. He’s the one who basically owns this place. He lives here. Some other guys live here too, some guys from the band, some other guy who’s an artist, I don’t know who else.”

“So I guess he’s the one who’s gonna do me in the pail tonight,” she said.

He looked stricken. Sugar rolled her eyes. This guy was about as much fun as a pimple on her cunt. She felt bodily attracted toward the loudest point in the room and no longer saw any reason to resist. “OK, homes, smell ya later,” she said, and darted into the crowd to go join the AIDS Parade.

Closer to the stage the crowd had massed into a thicket of emotive masculinity. Sugar sliced a path to the front like a knife through artisanal Gouda, dropping her hobo sack and closing her eyes until there was nothing left but sound. 

As her beer hand rose into the air and she dipped and gyrated, she felt the male gaze pawing at her body, grasping, aching to seize and possess. She gave it up, leaving it behind to be devoured, and passed into a kind of reverie. Soon she would be the hunter again, pouncing on the keeper of the roof she would sleep under tonight, the provider of tomorrow’s breakfast. Now, for as many songs as AIDS Parade saw fit to play, she would dance.