Monday night Xu Kong got the word to check in at Flushing-Main Street. Outside it was windy and damp, nothing like it had been on Saturday, and he knew this would mean a trip out to the Corona Yard, which set him in a fouler mood than usual before even getting to the station. After descending the stairs he let himself in through the wheelchair gate and plodded toward the crew room at the end of the mezzanine. 

Behind the dingy white door lay another bureaucratic bunker, smaller than but otherwise similar to the one at Times Square. He had about two minutes before the official start of his shift, which he used to trade his radio battery for a fresh one and look up his posted assignment. Sure enough, his goddamn train was yarded. He followed his finger across to the next column for his TO. "C. Tibbetts." Who the fuck was that? 

"Kong." The crew super was leaning out of his office, hand on the doorknob. "A moment." 

"Sure, boss," he said as the super closed the door behind him. "Who the fuck is Tibbetts?" 

"Yeah yeah, alright, look." He dropped his heavyset frame roughly into the chair behind his desk. "We got a new guy - " 

"Oh, bollocks to that," Xu Kong broke in. “You are going to stick me with some kid straight out of schoolcar?”

"Alright Kong, settle down. Look. One, this is not a request." Xu Kong screwed his face up in an elaborate frown. "Two, it's kind of a special situation." 

Xu Kong sat down across the desk from him. "This does not sound like it will make me feel better," he said. 

"Does anything make you feel better?" the super said, leaning back in his chair. “Think for a second about where you heard the name ‘Tibbetts’ before.”

Xu Kong sat impassively, but in a few moments an image floated to mind, of a chubby, salt-and-pepper-bearded man in a grey suit looking out from beneath a headline in the Transport Workers Bulletin, the newspaper distributed by the Local 100 every few months. 

“I see,” he said. 

“Right. So Junior, well, let’s just say he needs to be broken in a little. Learn the ropes. Get a little more serious.”

“I do not know what about my time here makes you think I am the one to do that.”

“Well, Kong, if he can put up with your grumpy ass for a week without running to Pops about it, I think he’ll do just fine.”

“A babysitting detail,” Xu Kong said. 

“Always so negative, Kong,” the super replied. “Go get ’em. Open that door, will ya?”

Xu Kong stood and opened it. Before he could exit the super bellowed, “’Ey Tibbetts!” 

A young, gawky, red-haired man came prancing in. To Xu Kong he looked barely old enough to have finished secondary school, and he wore his uniform like it belonged to his father and he was playing dress-up in his closet. Instead of regulation shoes he wore a pair of black Merrells. 

“Caleb Tibbetts, Xu Kong,” the super said, gesturing expansively. 

Tibbetts extended his hand for a shake. “Your name’s ‘Jew’?” he said. 

Xu Kong shot a contemptuous look at the super, who had what the Americans called a ‘shit-eating grin’ on his face. “You really know how to make a first impression, kid,” he said to Tibbetts.

“I know, thanks,” Tibbetts replied. “Like they say, there’s never a chance for a second impression.”

Was that an American idiom? If it was, it made absolutely no goddamn sense. 

“Right,” he said. “Let’s just go to the fucking yard.”