Getting to the Corona Yard involved taking a train one stop to Mets-Willets Point, where the yard lay in the nether region between Citi Field and the US Open tennis complex. The entire time, Tibbetts would not stop yammering, and Xu Kong longed with increasing fury to be alone in his compartment. 

“Are you Korean?” 

“No.”

“Oh, that's too bad. Don't you find Korean culture really fascinating?”

Xu Kong didn't answer.

"Are you Chinese?”

“No.”

“What then?”

“Hong Kong.”

“Oh. So I was right.”

Xu Kong turned to glare at him. 

“I mean, that makes you Chinese.”

“No.”

“I’m pretty sure it does.”

Xu Kong closed his eyes and clenched his fists as his body was wracked by an urge to commit violence. “When I left,” he said eventually, “it was a separate country. A crown colony. Before the British handed it over to the Chinese.”

“Right. So it’s part of China.”

Clearly there was nothing to be gained from continuing this conversation, so Xu Kong attempted silence, but Tibbetts was unrelenting and required no prompting.

"How long ya been working here, then?"

"Almost 20 years."

"Wow, jeez. That's almost as long as my dad."

Xu Kong shrugged. 

“Do you think we’ll get to work the 1-2-3 at all this week?”

“Why would we do that?”

“Because it’s the best!”

Xu Kong did wonder for a second what this opinion was based on before deciding he did not really want to ask. “I work the 7,” was all he said.

“Dagnabbit.”

After the short but interminable trip, sprinkled with similarly inane bits of one-sided conversation, Xu Kong and Tibbetts arrived at the yard. Xu Kong ducked into the office to find out what track their train was on and made off across the yard for it, stepping deftly over the tracks with Tibbetts in tow.

“So where do you live?” Tibbetts said.

“Flushing,” Xu Kong replied, not turning around. 

“Oh. Queens. OK.” There was a short pause during which Xu Kong was sure Tibbetts was formulating a series of ill-considered judgments about him. He found their train and turned to climb up to the platform and walk alongside it.

“I live in the Village, actually. Greenwich Village. You know. My parents have this really sweet rent-stabilized apartment that they don’t want to get rid of, even though they moved uptown. But it’s convenient for them to come see me and bring me stuff because we’re both — “

Without waiting for Tibbetts to finish his sentence, Xu Kong keyed open the train door and entered, unlocking the conductor's compartment and letting the door slide shut behind him. He began powering everything on and noticed out his window that Tibbetts was still standing there. He slid the pane down. 

"What are you doing?"

"Oh, I wasn't finished."

Xu Kong drummed his fingers on the car's dirty metal exterior. "Just get in the fucking train, please."

"Right," Tibbetts said, flashing an oddly distant smile. As though they were the unlikely duo in a buddy comedy and this was their familiar schtick. He started bounding toward the rear of the train like an overeager puppy. 

"Other way," Xu Kong called, his words drawn out in exasperation.

"Right," Tibbetts said, turning on his heel and dashing for the other end, slightly too-big shoes slapping against the concrete. 

Xu Kong slammed his window shut again and settled in. He wrapped his fingers around the harmonica in his pocket and knew he would not be playing it today. Seething, he punched the intercom button. “Radio check, TO.”

“Yep.” He didn’t return the check, Xu Kong noted.

He switched over to the radio. “Control, this is Corona nine one seven. Are we clear?”

“Ten-four, Corona nine one seven. Pull up to the signal.”

He switched back to intercom. “Time to roll out, TO.”

“Here goes nothing!”

Staring at the speaker box, Xu Kong had to suppress the urge to drive his fist through it.

The train merged into the main Flushing line and continued back to Main Street, departing at 9:25. When they reached 82nd Street, Xu Kong opened his window to point at the position marker and found it was about eight feet behind him. 

“Son of a bitch,” he said, and keyed the intercom on. “TO, you need to bring it back about eight feet.”

“Yeah.” The kid sounded nervous.

“Everything all right, TO? What happened?”

“Yeah, no worries. I know what happened. Everything’s fine. Coming back now.”

That was bollocks, of course, and Xu Kong knew he should press the kid for a straight answer and probably take the train out of service, but the mere thought of trying to interrogate him or, god forbid, taking another stroll through the yard with the nattering son of a bitch set his heart to racing and his nostrils to flaring. Hopefully whatever the fuck this was had spooked him into paying some more goddamn attention.

The train rolled back into position, Xu Kong opened the doors and everything continued on as normal. But then it happened again at Court Square.

“Mother of fuck, TO. Is there a problem with the brakes? You overshot it again.”

“Uh… yeah, I think so, they slipped a little, yeah. Is that bad? I think it’s fine. I got this.”

 “I’m taking us out of service.” Xu Kong had a feeling the kid was full of shit, but after two incidents in the same run he no longer really had a choice. He switched over to PA to make the announcement to passengers, opened the doors and then radioed the dispatcher. “Control, this is Flushing nine two five, we are going out of service with mechanical problems in the brake system. Heading back to Corona, over.”

“Ten-four, Flushing nine two five. Wait for the reverse signal.”

“We’re reversing, TO. Get your ass to the rear cockpit.” Xu Kong smiled at Tibbetts’ awkwardly prancing gait as he dashed by on the platform. 

They returned the empty train to the yard and took out another one. The rest of the shift passed more or less without incident, and after clocking out Xu Kong stepped into the day super’s office.

“What is it, Kong,” she said, not looking up from her computer screen as he closed the door.

“I am with this new motorman today. Name of Tibbetts.”

“Yeah, no shit. Thanks for the update.”

“Janice, this kid cannot hack it. He was a disaster out there.”

“That so.”

“We missed the marker twice in the same run.”

“First run?”

“Yes.”

“Ah, kid just had the yips. He got over it, didn’t he?”

“Well I only had to take him out of service once today, if that is what you mean.”

“Come on, he’s fine. You’re stuck with the little bastard for the rest of the week.”

Xu Kong left without another word and climbed the stairs toward home.