"So I don't want to get too heavy or anything, but there's something I should tell you."

Sugar was at the barista's apartment, somewhere in what may have been Chinatown, sitting up in bed. She was topless, because there was a right way to do these things. 

"You might turn out to be the last guy I ever fuck," she said.

Here a pregnant pause would be inserted, long enough to allow her bedmate's imagination to bring forth what terrors it preferred. Does she want to marry me? Did I turn her gay? Did I get her pregnant? How could she know that already, is that some kind of Eastern medicine thing? Is she about to commit murder-suicide?

"What does that mean, exactly?" Geoff said, leaning on an elbow, his post-coital self−satisfaction shattered by this intrigue. 

"I'll be blunt, Geoff. I have cancer." She twisted toward him, her nipples staring him directly in the eyes.

"Shit. Is it, like, serious?"

"It's leukemia. I'm supposed to check in to the hospital in two days. Once I'm in, I don't know what's going to happen to me. I just thought you should know." 

"Jesus." 

Here Sugar would lean back toplessly, close her eyes, and allow her hotness to underscore the guilt, relief, and/or guilt at feeling relief on the part of her uncomplicated−one−night−stand−seeking companion. When a suitable amount of time had passed, she would open her eyes and look over to find him staring either at her tits or up at the ceiling, in awe either way at the enormity of something. 

"Wow," said Geoff, who had chosen the tits. "Do you, I mean, is there anything I can do? I mean like, do you need anything?"

"Do you have any money on you?" This was where she would seal the deal, making the illusion all the more convincing by daring to shatter it. She would see the disappointed look on his face − and really, what the fuck was he expecting a girl who might be about to die to ask of some random dude she just met? Bake me a cake, fly me to Paris, take my anal virginity? − and she would say something like, "Look, I don't have the time anymore to fuck around or spare people's feelings. You asked, I answered. Say no if you want. You'll probably never see me again either way."

And thus Sugar would end the affair cash−positive and leave behind a sordid story that he was none too likely to go boasting about to his friends. The script was well-established, and she would return each volley with the cool confidence and playful thrill of a tennis pro in an exhibition match.

Tonight was not like that. Her contempt was hot and palpable, a bayonet she charged him with, a cock she shoved down his throat, and the fact that the barista seemed titillated by this only fueled her sadism. She didn’t want to go back to the Silent Mill, but knew she couldn’t spend the night with Geoff. She loathed him with such intensity he was in danger of bursting into flame. When it came time to leave, that hatred finally turned itself inwards, and each lie was like a rake dragged through her guts. She told them with increasing earnestness, the tines digging in ever deeper, drawing blood from the ground.

Around 3:30 she stalked out onto Rivington Street, $72 wealthier, and rage-vomited all over a sky-blue Vespa that was parked on the sidewalk. I should leave a note, she thought, wiping her mouth on the back of her hand, so she removed a purple Sharpie from her purse, wrote “AIDS Parade” on a $1 bill, and stuck it to the bile-splattered seat, wiping her hand across the front of her dress. That was viral marketing, and those fuckers would thank her later. Her mouth and throat burned, so she bought another 40 at an all-night bodega and gargled with it, spitting in the street. She drank most of the rest of it on the way to the subway, then hurled it against a brick wall before descending the staircase. The foamy mess it made pleased her. 

It was 5 by the time she made it back to the Mill. The night had brightened into predawn twilight, and she sat at the kitchen table in its weak blue glow, staring out the window, waiting for something to happen that would compel her to act. It was a couple hours before anyone stirred, and that was Tafari, always the early riser. 

“Morning, Sugar,” he said cheerfully. “Want me to make you some coffee?”

To her surprise as much as his, she responded by bursting into tears.

“Did something, uh, happen?” Tafari said, reaching deep into his afro to scratch his head. 

Sugar nodded, still sobbing violently. 

“Do you want to talk about it? Over coffee?”

She nodded again. 

“OK.” He sighed, then set about preparing a pot of French press.

By the time he set two mugs on the table and filled them with freshly pressed coffee, her sobbing had been downgraded to the sniffles. 

“Thank you,” she said.

“So, what’s going on, then?”

“Something... happened. To Carter.” The tears welled up again and she began to cry. 

“What do you mean? He’s not here? Is he all right?”

“No!” Her voice was thick and strained. “He’s fucking dead!” Then she lost is completely, dropping her head on the table and bawling.

“Oh my god,” was all Tafari could say. He reached out tentatively to put a hand on her shoulder and she surprised him once again by hugging him tightly, burrowing her head into his shoulder, breathing wetly, leaving slug-trails of snot on his black T-shirt. 

After a minute or two she calmed down and released him. “I’m sorry,” she said, wiping her nose with the back of her hand, then wiping that on her dress. “I just... I don’t even know where to start.” She took a sip of coffee.

“Can you tell me what happened?”

“We were on our way home. Running to catch the train. And he. Well. He just tripped running down the stairs, and he fell. On the tracks. And...”

“The train.”

“Yeah.”

“Shit. Shit, man. That’s fucked up.”

“There’s more.”

“OK.”

“Well. I have leukemia.”

“Oh. Shit. I’m sorry. Do you need me to, uh...”

“What I’m trying to say is, I’m supposed to go to the hospital. Today. Like, now, pretty much. I haven’t told anyone. And it just... I don’t know. It was just too much. So I ran away.”

“What do you mean?”

“I mean, I just ran. I didn’t wait for the police to get there. I didn’t tell anybody what happened. I just... I don’t know. I couldn’t deal with it all, and then turn around and check into the hospital and probably fucking die.”

“Shit. Well, we gotta tell everyone what happened. About Carter.”

“I can’t. I have to go.” She stood from the table and headed for her room.

“What hospital are you going to?”

“I’ll be in touch,” she said, ducking into the room to gather her stuff – most of which was still crammed into her satchel – and then made for the stairs. 

“Thank you for the coffee,” she said as she disappeared through the door.