Sugar Qi hopped down the stairs from the M train at Knickerbocker Avenue, clutching an iPhone and unsure of her next move. On the sidewalk she leaned against a green-painted subway pillar to check Twitter one more time. She’d been doing this obsessively all night, and wading deeper and deeper into the RSS feeds of her preferred music blogs, in search of a decent show to check out. It was a Friday night in Bushwick, for fuck’s sake. There had to be *something*.

She looked around. The street was bustling with the usual mix of Puerto Rican and Dominican families and gentrifying artkids, but nobody who looked interesting enough to follow. Then she spotted a telephone pole with a big mess of fliers and papers stuck to it. Of course; the real bleeding edge of Brooklyn wasn’t on Twitter, it was on a typewriter. Or maybe letterpress.

There was all kinds of bullshit stapled to this pole. Rooms for rent, theremin lessons, CSA memberships, an art show in the basement of a live poultry store. But the one that caught her eye was a pastel-blue sheet of paper with little on it besides the scrawled words “LIVE MUSIC.” Some place called Carlos Slim’s. Rather than staples, this one was hung with a single long, rusty nail driven through it. Nice touch.

She looked up the address on Google Maps and set out beneath the sickly trees and sporadic orange pallor of the flickering streetlights. Since arriving in New York she’d spent most of her time between Williamsburg and Bushwick, each ridiculous in its own way. She heard occasional bits of lore about Williamsburg’s rough-and-tumble past, but it was pretty much overrun now by parents, weenies and olds. Bushwick, on the other hand, was still a vast landscape of neglect — either benign, malevolent or cultivated, depending what block you were on. A luxury condo building, next to an open-air scrap yard, next to an elementary school, next to a converted loft building full of 22-year-olds and bedbugs, next to an artisan donut shop, next to an 18th-century Dutch church, next to a stoner-metal nightclub, next to two housing projects? Sure, why not? It was a neighborhood molded by generations of profound selfishness and indifference. 

These were her people.

After a little confused wandering around she found Slim’s. Its only identifying markers were a neon sign that read “B R” and a light-up Schaefer logo in the window that had probably been installed when the brewery was still up the street; inside, there wasn’t a single person who had been born yet when it closed. A petite Asian girl in Barry Goldwater glasses was a prime cut of hipster sirloin in a dive like this, and heads turned toward Sugar as she pushed through the crowd and she drank in the attention like the beer someone was surely about to buy her. 

Sugar was wearing a vintage skirt that looked like it had been made from the drapes in a Sicilian retirement home, a lopsided, loose-knit sweater cape and a camisole with no bra − not so much leaving little to the imagination as inviting just the right amount of imaginative speculation. An intricate tattoo stretched from forearm to forearm across her boyish chest and bony back. Her hair was short and wild, with a bold streak of pink against the black on her left side, and a thickly painted thunderbolt bisected her face from forehead to jawbone in blue and pink. On her Tumblr she’d captioned it “Suicide Girl who dreamed she was David Bowie’s grandma.” 

She wedged herself up against the scuffed, sticky bar in a slot that was nowhere near large enough to accommodate her and was attended to almost immediately by the male bartender. She sized up the chalkboard beer menu and loudly ordered a shot of Old Crow and a Narragansett, a can just as cheap as PBR or Genny Cream but with a whiff of irresistibly obscure nostalgia for salty Rhode Island dockworkers avoiding their wives at the local watering hole after an honest day’s labor.

It worked, because the guy on Sugar’s left, who was in direct contact with about a third of her body, said “I got it” when the bartender slid the chipped shotglass and cold white tallboy across the bar and asked for his five dollars.

She gave the guy a quick but conspicuous once-over. He looked like a lumberjacking fashion model: wearing the right clothes, but way too skinny to be a real person. She smiled at him and threw back the whiskey.

“Thanks,” she said, popping the top on her beer and chugging it. He was not particularly tall, and she leaned in closer, making sure to keep her eye level below his. 

“Great tattoo,” he said, in the halting, terse cadence of barely audible bar conversations. 

“Thanks,” Sugar said, bringing her mouth so close to his ear she was sure he felt the yeasty moisture of her breath. “Can I tell you the story? It’s got, like, a totally narrative flow to it.”

“Sure.”

“OK, so check this out. Our story begins in China. The dragon.” She pointed to the spot above her right breast where the beast’s head burst through a thicket of black orchids and breathed a fiery cascade of black ivy up her shoulder and down almost to her wrist. “My parents were born there. I wasn’t, I was born in Seattle. I don’t think anything on here represents that, actually.” She made a show of looking down her shirt, pulling at the fabric to give him, just for a split second, an unobstructed glimpse of what lay beneath. Then she twisted abruptly around, contorting her arm to indicate the spot between her shoulder blades where a pirate ship, tossed by rough seas emanating from the ivy that curled around her shoulder, was hitched to a knotty web of rope that ensnared the dragon’s tail. “Maybe the boat?” she said. 

“Maybe,” the guy said, nodding. “Yeah.” 

“So what about you, are you from Bushwick originally?” Sugar asked, abandoning her tattoo story, since she couldn't think of anything else to make up about it at the moment. 

“Uh, no,” he said after a pause, seemingly unsure he heard her right. “Michigan. Outside Detroit.”

“Rock city,” she said. “I thought there was supposed to be a band here tonight.” 

He tried nodding again, then looked aimlessly around the jam-packed bar, as though he might discover one.

She turned to him, finishing her beer with a sip so aggressively long that she had to catch her breath afterwards. “Look, Michigan,” she said, pounding the empty can down onto the bar. “I'm far too close to the ever-present specter of death to spend all night tickling your dick. There are three things I’m looking for tonight. How about you just let me know if you think you’re up to it.” She counted them off on her fingers, displaying the matching lightning-bolt designs on her nails. “Dudes with guitars. Enough alcohol in my bloodstream that I could run over a baby with an e-bike and not notice. And a big load of sour cream in my chalupa − and I’m not talking about the taco truck. What do you say, El Guapo?” 

Sugar had knew she had abruptly brought this encounter to its turning point, but she was impatient. She could feel her face flushing from the alcohol and the idea of staying in this place had become intolerable to her, like an itch behind her eyes. She started craning her neck towards the door.

“OK, so, I know a place,” the guy said, hesitating. “But it’s, well... it’s in Queens.” 

“Oh, yeah, that’s bitchin’,” Sugar said. “Maybe afterwards we can hang out in your mom’s basement and watch fucking TRL while you feel me up.” She hefted her satchel, which had been on the floor between her feet, and moved to leave.

“No, check this out though,” he said, reaching out to grab her shoulder and turn her around. She was pleasantly surprised by this show of assertiveness, even if it was defensive. 

“It’s not like a place full of old Greek guys playing backgammon or some shit," he continued. "It’s like a crazy, fucked up old factory or warehouse or something. It’s abandoned, full of old machines and stuff, but this guy lives in it. And people just come in from wherever and like, live there, play music, make art, do weird computer shit. And they have shows, like with actual bands that are on tour. It’s totally illegal. And basically a secret. But I can get us in. If you’re interested.”

“OK, you're giving me a major boner,” she said, falling into him and clinging to his arm, wrapping her sweater cape around his midsection, looking up at him with hungry eyes. “What do we do, hitch a ride on the back of a dump truck?”  

“No, it’s just the L to the G to the 7. No sweat.” 