The tunnels beneath Times Square were the equal and opposite reaction to the odious retail soup on the surface, a nexus of uptown, downtown and crosstown subway lines that attracted New Yorkers as much as the pulsating LED hellscape above ground repelled them. Tucked behind a stretch of white tile wall was an MTA crew room, where Xu Kong was occupying the remaining few minutes before the start of his shift with an egg sandwich and a cup of coffee, because nine o’clock on a Friday night was breakfast time for him now. 

The room was a tired-looking fluorescent bunker containing a few government-issue desks and file cabinets, the station supervisor’s office and a break room stuffed with tables and chairs and a battery of unevenly stocked vending machines. It was humming gruffly with utility-belted activity in anticipation of the coming shift change — people at the desks, checking assignment lists and completing last-minute paperwork, at the equipment counter swapping out radio batteries and busted gear, in the break room feeding bills into the machines and gabbing loudly. 

Xu Kong sat at a table by himself, hunched forward, head down over his breakfast, coffee black, eating intently on an island of hostile silence. Conversation and activity flowed around him like light bending around a malevolent, egg-eating black hole. As the room started to clear he finished eating, tossed his trash and walked over to the shift super’s desk to sign in and check his assignment. He clocked in at 9:02. 

“Late, Kong,” the super said. 

He said nothing, scanning the clipboard for the night’s line and TO assignments. Time was when he considered it impolite for these people not to use his full name, but Americans just could not handle that.

“You been here for fifteen fuckin minutes already,” the super said. “You couldn’t finish ya goddamn eggs two minutes ago?” 

“Could have, actually,” he said. “Yet somehow we persevere.”

“The fuck outta here, already.“ 

“Need a battery.” He went over to the equipment counter, popped a new one in his radio, and headed out in silence. 

He was on the 7 tonight, an assignment that always dealt him the incremental insult of taking the train all the way in from Flushing only to be sent right back, 45 minutes poorer. He trudged down the long ramp to the Seventh Avenue side of the station, passing beneath the decades-old art installation on the ceiling, a snippet of verse revealed line by line on the cross-girders.

Overslept,

So tired.

If late,

Get fired.

Why bother?

Why the pain?

Just go home

Do it again.

Thousands of commuters passed beneath these words on a daily basis, and Xu Kong could not deny the grudging admiration he had for his employer for so brazenly reminding its most loyal customers how pointless their desperate lives truly were, and getting away with it. Sometimes he wondered how many of them had read this bit of doggerel on their way to the train and decided to just throw themselves in front of it. 

Just not tonight, you sons of bitches. 

His motorman was Taylor, who knew well enough not to wait around for him. He was standing by the conductor’s window and chatting with the guy in it when Xu Kong came down the stairs to the platform.

“All right, brother,” said the conductor he was talking to. He shut his window and came out the train door. 

Xu Kong approached without greeting them. 

“What’s up, man,” said the conductor. Xu Kong didn’t know the guy’s name, though he had been trading places with him here and there for years. 

“She good?” he said. 

“Yeah, she alright. Watch the first door on nine. It’s a little sticky or something.”

“OK.” He slapped the side of the train as he passed through the door, keyed open the conductor’s booth and shoved the window open again. “Get a bloody move on, TO,” he said. “The masses await.” 

“Good to see you too,” Taylor said. “Always a fuckin pleasure.” 

The train had a few minutes to sit on the platform at Times Square before they shoved off. They were a 9:14, and it was only 9:10. There was probably a platform super lurking about, so Xu Kong decided to be a good boy and lean out the window to check things out. The station was crowded with your usual Friday night traffic — tourists, drifters who got tired of hanging around the Port Authority, homeless people, kids on their way from somewhere better to somewhere better. He amused himself with the cherished pastime of watching dummies run frantically down the stairs and dive through the nearest door because they thought the train was about to leave. 

“Radio check,” came the crackle from his speaker. He leaned into the call button with his thumb. 

“Check, TO. Radio check.” 

“That’s a check, boss.” 

He looked at his clock. 9:13. He leaned out the window again. 

A group of thirtyish men approached, thin, bespectacled and confused. Xu Kong pegged them as Mittel-European grad students with their weird yearbook-photo haircuts. 

“This train goes to Manhattan?” one of them asked in — yes — a German-speaker’s accent. 

“This is Manhattan.” 

“Oh...” He turned and consulted with his group for a few seconds. “Green Which Village?” 

Xu Kong stared at him for a moment, then decided he lacked the patience to even attempt to deal with this. “Upstairs,” Xu Kong said, and snapped his window shut. Then he thumbed the radio again. 

“Time to move, TO,” he said. 

“10-4.”

He switched to the PA system to make the announcement. “7 to Main Street Fifth Avenue next stand clear closing doors.” He sounded two quick hits on the buzzer as he opened the window again, glancing left and right. At Times Square there was always one more of them trying to squeeze in; you just had to flip the switch and see what happened. The familiar chimes rang out as he closed the doors. 

Of course, they stuck.

He looked left. Some sei puk gai up in car 3 holding the door. He opened the doors and closed them again. Still holding. He scissored the doors open and shut and finally they closed. As the train pulled out, he retracted his head once more and closed the window. 

People were Xu Kong’s least favorite part of any enterprise, which was why the fiberglass enclosure of the subway conductor agreed so well with him. He had spent enough time on the other side of the door, stacked like an extra crayon in the box on the Monday morning express, throwing and catching elbows, waiting three trains deep at 59th Street for the Lex, crowding the end of an empty car at 3 in the morning to avoid stinking men dragging their entire lives around in overstuffed trash bags, awkwardly making and breaking eye contact with the woman sitting across from him while pretending to count the errors in the ad for Dr. Z’s walk-in dermatology practice behind her, having some 20-year-old gwai loh fall in his lap because he thought himself rather above the need to hold onto the pole like everyone else.

Once he locked himself inside his cab, the motorman, his only real coworker, was reduced to an unseen force, a button, and a voice dribbling out of the wall. People were things that became lodged in his doors, fell on the tracks, asked for directions when he was trying to leave, and just generally impeded forward motion. They to him were blades of grass to a landscaper, socks to the women who worked at the laundromat, ice to a bartender; common things of little real significance with which he had forged an intimate, one-way understanding. His life was thick with them, which was as unremarkable as trees in a forest to someone who had spent his entire life in big cities. He could always tell where he was by the human undergrowth. 

It was especially true on the 7. Over time he had developed both a fascination with and a profound hatred of his own subway line. In fact, this was one of the first things to instill in him the unique mixture of superiority and self-loathing that he soon understood was the mark of a “real New Yorker.” He felt so protective of the 7 train’s reputation precisely because it subjected him to the punishment he secretly knew he deserved. 

Despite being the most polyglot — Chinese, Korean, Irish, Filipino, Mexican, Indian, Puerto Rican, Pakistani, black, Thai, Dominican, Bangladeshi — 7 train riders also had the most in common. They were, almost to a man, frowning, lumpen, desperate, grim, and just bloody well ugly. They were New York’s middle class, and they had accepted defeat.

The 7 delivered the same barrage of tiny insults as any other subway line — inexplicable delays, incomprehensible detours and interruptions, the bloody late night garbage train parking in the station when all you wanted to do was go home — but the had a subtle quality that set it apart. It was the only train that dared reveal the truth.