Sugar settled in, drinking, to listen to the music and study the band, pulling out her phone to jot down some notes. Based on their stupid magnetic-poetry name she would have guessed they were nothing more than trolls, especially since every one of their songs sounded like it should be playing over the end credits of a Judge Reinhold movie. But their stage presence, somehow, came off entirely without camp or irony. Peter, the bass player and lead singer and the one who supposedly ran this whole operation, looked barely older than she was, and everything about him — the precision rumpling of his old-timey but clearly brand-new clothes, the way he pushed his thin, reedy voice to the edges of its range, keening unselfconsciously about his manly first-world problems while standing next to a guy playing a *fucking keytar* — screamed “I have a cuntload of money,” making this band, and possibly this entire place, this perpetual live-in arty party, a deadly serious vanity project. A bass player singing lead was already doing some major overcompensating, but this fucking guy. Clearly in need of an enigmatic, exotic, manic pixie dream girl to bewilder, inspire, educate and preferably fuck him.

She found the band's guitarist far more intriguing. Or maybe just plain weird. His playing, his whole manner, was on a totally different level than the rest of the band. He wasn't flashy — quite the opposite, if anything; he was unassuming to the point of practically vanishing. He never looked up at his bandmates or the audience, and his movements were completely without flourish — beyond economical, practically meek. He played like he was in his bedroom with the lights off, like he was invisible to the naked eye. He was pure sound. His phrasing was precise and emotional, with a subtlety that belied the essential dopiness of the music. She was transfixed.

When their set came to an end several songs later, Peter stepped to the mic, looking sweaty and pumped, shouting his goodbyes as though a roaring crowd threatened to drown him out. 

“Thanks, everyone! We’re AIDS Parade, this is The Silent Mill, and, uh…” his bellowing had plunged the room into an odd quiet. “…we’re glad you’re here. Supporting underground art and culture, underground music, and, uh, underground beer, right? OK, have a great night, you guys!”

The sound guy switched over to canned music and Sugar watched as the band packed up their gear and stowed it in the corner. Just as it looked like a few of them were settling down on one of the couches in the middle of the room, she made her move, hopping down off the cage, the strap of her satchel strung tight across her chest.

“Hi, um, excuse me,” she said, approaching them. “I never do this, but I just had to come over here and tell you guys that you were awesome tonight.”

“Oh, thank you,” said Peter, giving her a once-over from his spot on the couch.

“Can I get any of you guys a beer or anything?”

“Sure, that would be great.”

Four of the band members were there in the little cluster, and she looked to each of them to see if they also wanted one: the drummer, the keytar guy (still in his stupid white fedora), and the guitarist. “You?” He said nothing, barely looking at her, just giving a minimal shake of his head. “I’ll be right back,” she said, scurrying off to the fridge to scoop up an armload of cans, cradling them against her chest. She made sure to offer them to Peter first, leaning in, thrusting out her chest and giving him no choice but to reach in for a little inappropriate touching. 

“Join us?” he said, gesturing to the couch. 

“I’d love to,” she replied, setting down her satchel and folding herself into the available seat between Peter and the guitarist. 

“I’m Peter, by the way.” He extended a hand, and she shook it vigorously. 

“Sugar.” 

“Sugar?”

“Well, my real name’s Chinese. Nobody can ever say it right.”

“OK then. Sugar, meet Carter, Ezra, Greg. I’m sure you recognize them.”

She raised her beer in greeting, then took a sip. 

“Excuse me,” Carter mumbled, getting up and walking away. He rummaged through his pockets as he crossed the room and went out the door to the stairwell. She couldn’t help raising an eyebrow as she watched him go. 

"Don't mind him," Peter said. "Carter is just, like... he's got his own spot on the dial, you know? That's just how he is. But he's my brother. I mean, not literally."

"Tortured genius type?"

"Not really. I mean, genius, yes, definitely. You heard the way he plays. He writes most of the music really. But he's a mysterious dude. He takes everything in, and every once in a while something amazing comes out of him. But what happens in between... nobody really knows. He'll be back, you'll meet him. You'll see what I mean. What about you, though? What's your deal?"

"Oh, you know," Sugar said. "I'm nobody interesting."

Peter laughed. "Right, clearly," he said. "What do you do? Are you a musician or an artist or anything?"

"I practice the art of being myself," she said. "As you can imagine, it requires quite a commitment."

He seemed charmed rather than irritated by her evasiveness, a post-gig halo effect that let her slip effortlessly into the band's milieu. The inane small talk, the banter between bandmates, continued, and the alcohol started to hit her hard — she hadn't eaten much and was basically a lightweight even on her best days. Everything was all falling into place almost too quickly. The room was loud and chaotic and beginning to disintegrate; she was treading water, bobbing on the surface of her consciousness. She struggled to match her sentences up with theirs and mostly wound up simply blurting things out, losing track of their context by the time she was finished saying them. 

*This place is bonkers. I never heard of it before tonight. People live here?* 

*Can I take your picture? I want to suck your guitar’s dick.*

*The pirate ship is cancer. On an ocean of blood. It means death is always chasing me. But the ivy represents the future, because it never stops growing no matter what. And the dragon doesn’t mean shit. It just draws attention to my tits. See, you fucking pigs, it works. No, I’m just kidding. Did you notice my left nipple is way bigger than the other one? Leukemia. Real talk.*

*What is that supposed to be? It looks like an alien’s cunt. Is there food here?*

They were sitting at a table, they were being led by Peter on a tour of The Silent Mill’s art collection, they were playing hacker pinball and Sugar was talking vile trash. Rather than the morbid, unstable nymphomaniac who had blazed a trail of terror out of Bushwick, she was a tsunami of magnetic unpredictability far too compelling to let go of, an act that was progressively less under her control. She knew she was in, and she loosened up and let the night unfold. Peter had the swagger of someone living out a fantasy constructed with someone else’s money, flitting from group to group like a gracious but slightly needy host, enjoying the feeling of being welcome everywhere he went. She tagged along with him until the moment when that skinny, mohawk-wearing artist, he of the candy-shitting Viking ship, emerged from the crowd with a concerned look on his face. 

"Hey, Pete."

"What's up, man?"

"You know that, uh, situation we were having last week? Well, we're having it again."

"OK." He stood up. They had been sitting on some bar stools at a high table near the kitchen, she, him and Carter. "I need to go take care of this," he said, like a boss. "I'll be back." He followed the artist, disappearing into the room and leaving her alone with Carter. Motherfucker hadn't said five words all night, despite her repeated attempts to draw or provoke him into conversation. She was going to try again. 

"So. How long have you been here?"

"A while." He flinched a little at the sound of her voice, looking around the room and not really at her. 

"It must be pretty intense. There's a lot of people, you know, making stuff."

"Honestly?" he said – finally, some engagement. "Most of these people here, I have no idea who the fuck they are." He stood abruptly. "Excuse me." He made for the door again, hands in his pockets, feeling around for something. This was the third or fourth time he had done this now. Where was he going? Sugar prided herself – nay, *depended* – on her ability to read people, and she found his veil of impenetrability galling. Time to follow him. She grabbed her satchel and dove into the crowd, picking her way toward the door as it closed behind him. She counted to ten and then followed him into the stairwell, so as not to run into him on the landing. She didn't see him, and she didn't hear footsteps on the stairs, either. 

"Where did that guy go?" she said quietly to the guy working the door. 

"Hm?" he said, looking up from his phone, still wearing his opaque shades. "Oh. Roof." He pointed to an unmarked door opposite the staircase. 

"Thanks." She pushed it open as quietly as she could, revealing a very dim, narrow metal staircase that led up to a loosely hung door, faint bands of ambient night light peeking around it. She pulled it open, emerging into the brown haze of the cold New York night, and saw Carter leaning against the parapet wall alone, a lighter and pipe in hand, smelling of weed.

"You're a bad boy," she said, walking towards him across the alarmingly soft surface of the roof. "Are abandoned factories nonsmoking now, too? Fucking Bloomberg."

He opened his mouth, letting a lazy plume of brown smoke escape. 

“Don't like to share," he said. 

"You'll like sharing with me," she said, setting her bag against the brick ledge. "Hand it over."

He smiled – a first – offering up the goods. She took a hit, holding the hot jet of air in her lungs until it was just shy of burning. “Jesus dildo,” she said as the remarkably gentle high set upon her. "No wonder you keep this to yourself."

He took another hit of his own, shook the bowl a little, poked at the ash with his finger. “Kicked.” He turned and headed for the door, leaving Sugar standing there. 

"Should I come with?" she said. He didn't answer, just vanished down the stairs. "Should I stay here? Should I just fucking jump? Cancer survivor here. Little respect." She dashed after him, catching up as he re-entered the door to the Silent Mill. He glanced briefly over his shoulder as she fell in behind him but said nothing, moving along the edges of the room toward the corner where the sleeping quarters were.

They entered one of the rooms and he closed the door, opening the top drawer of the dresser to retrieve a small box that contained his stash and other paraphernalia. Sugar looked out the window while he repacked his bowl; the industrial landscape outside was dim, indifferently lit by a few ill-placed streetlights and the blaze of wastelight from the glossy high-rises along the river, the concrete pocked with cracks and holes and heaved by the roots of sickly trees. The factory districts of Williamsburg and Bushwick could be ugly, too, she thought, but this was something else, like a street that was never meant to be seen. 

Then she heard the grind-and-click of Carter's lighter and turned to see him sucking on the refreshed pipe. He looked back at her as he held his breath for a few seconds, then let the smoke languidly escape. There was a look of naked, unapologetic appraisal to his gaze - not physical or sexual, or at least not *just* that, but somehow more total - that raised a twinge of paranoia within her. With another woozy rush of adrenaline she brushed it off, trying to match the intensity of his stare. Her vision constricted, vignetting him in its darkening center. Eventually he moved, raising his hand to offer her the pipe and lighter.

"It learns," she said. 

She accepted the pipe and took another hit, passing it back to him. Then her legs gave out and she collapsed onto the mattress at her feet. She lay there for a while, feeling the uncomfortable hardness of the concrete below it with her stomach and chest, smelling the resinous sweat-musk of the sheets her face was buried in. Eventually she rolled over, sitting up and folding her legs beneath her. Carter was sitting on the floor opposite her, quietly, just looking at her. 

“I’m gonna get you talking if I have to fucking waterboard you,” she said.

He was pulling on the pipe as she said this, and passed it back to her, ejecting the smoke from his mouth in a steady stream, filling his lungs again with clean air.

“What would you like me to talk about?” he said.

This took her a little by surprise, and she looked around the room, thinking. Her back was to the window, and the freestanding walls were rough but solid-looking, unpainted and unadorned wooden boards, wide and raw-edged with occasional streaks of green.

“Do you ever feel like you live in a treehouse?” she said. 

He raised an eyebrow. “No,” he said. At this Sugar began giggling uncontrollably, falling over onto the mattress again and laughing until her cheeks were soaked with tears. She opened her eyes to a watery kaleidoscope of wood and brick and face, blinking to try and clear it. She decided to use her hand to wipe it away. Where was it? She concentrated. One was underneath her, because she was laying on top of it. Probably best to explore some other options. Her other arm. It was straight, raised over her head, the hand resting on the mattress. Yes. That was the one. It rose, painfully slowly, and began moving towards her, coming to rest heavily on her face. Why? She couldn't remember. Uuuuuuuuggggggggghhhhhhhh this hand on her face was so fucking *boring* was it just going to be there all night god this was the WORST. But she flopped over onto her back and the hand went away. She was staring at the ceiling, dark corroded steel and pipes and ducts and tubes. *Fuck this is always what happens when I smoke why do I do this I can't.* There was nothing to do but wait for it to be over. She thought of explaining this to Carter, and rolled her eyeballs towards him. It was like seeing him through a shitty Instagram filter; his face was kind of in focus and everything else was a bleary smudge. Then she thought of the effort that would be involved in speaking: lifting her head, moving her jaw, deciding what words to say. Fuck that. She turned her eyes back to the ceiling, fighting off the creeping fear that she was doomed to walk the earth stoned for all eternity. Hours passed, years in solitary confinement. 

Eventually she must have fallen asleep, and he must have gently removed her glasses, tucked her in, and left her alone. Because here she was. And where was he?