Shift over, rebuke from Yuming still pulsing through his guts, Xu Kong walked down Main Street in the blue haze of the morning twilight, tugged by a craving for the salty, chewy comfort of the usual at Prosperity Dumpling. There were a couple of rough-looking regulars chewing loudly and leaning heavily on the counter as he took his customary seat at the end.

“Morning, Ping Yaoxi,” he said to the cook in Cantonese. The cook nodded, still seeming somewhat chastened from his outburst the other night, and began preparing Xu Kong’s order without a word. “A pot of tea also, please,” Xu Kong said. 

“Wu lung tsa!” the cook called out to the young waitress, who was slumped at a table in the otherwise empty restaurant, doodling on her pad. She gathered her limbs sullenly and set about preparing it. 

“Is that the breakfast special?” Xu Kong said, trotting out another of their ritualistic jokes.

“Sure is,” Ping Yaoxi said, breaking into a little smile. “Hold the breakfast.” 

The waitress set a teapot and small cup in front of Xu Kong. He thanked her and poured himself a cup, inhaling the fragrant steam before slurping a sip. 

“Any progress with your son?”

“Ugh, please,” Ping Yaoxi said, firing up a pair of burners and dropping the woks onto them. “Last night he comes home with a math test we had to sign. Another F! Half the questions weren’t even answered! What does he say? ‘Why should I care about this stuff anyway?’ I wanted to strangle him.”

“What does he care about, then?”

“His computer, mostly. He’s a whiz with that. So it’s not like he’s stupid. He just hasn’t learned the lesson that you can’t get anywhere in life by only doing exactly what you want all the time. Everyone answers to someone.”

Xu Kong frowned. “The more you want to do something, the harder that lesson is,” he said. 

“I guess that’s true.”

Xu Kong fell silent as he watched Ping Yaoxi cook, powerless against the toxic ball of angst that began forming at the center of his body. They had stumbled, of course, directly into the paramount struggle of his own life, the lesson he himself had eventually learned, more or less, but never really accepted, still nagged by the feeling that maybe he just hadn’t tried hard enough. Why, after all, did we lay down our arms and accept the fact that our world was designed to prevent us from doing what we wanted? Why did we place the things we hated at the focal point of our orbits? It was the question his teenaged self had never stopped asking, to the chagrin of all the people around him who kept getting older and farther from the answer. 

“Did you always want to have children, Ping Yaoxi?”

The cook paused thoughtfully while plating Xu Kong’s dumplings and rice. “Pretty much,” he said, setting the plates out in front of him. “Always did, yeah.”

“Why? When you were younger, I mean.”

“You know, I’m not really sure. It’s just what was expected. I expected it too. I never thought to question it. Part of being a man.”

“It always scared me. I would think, what if the kid only inherits my bad qualities? What if he’s stupid? What if I bring him up to follow in my footsteps and he’s a total embarrassment? What if he betrays my principles? Pretty heady stuff for a kid who wore red overalls to work, right?” He laughed, but Ping Yaoxi nodded. 

“You do think of those things too, of course,” he said. “I was so scared before our oldest was born. I mean, I still am, since he’s growing into such a fuck-up. But then there’s the other part of it also. You know, after he was born, I looked at him and I thought, that is the one thing I can do that nobody else can. Anyone can do my job. Anyone can live in my house. But only I can create that exact child and release him out into the world.”

“Right.”

“For me – for most people, I would think – that’s the only time I’ll get to say that. And then once you make it, it’s got a mind of its own, right? Literally.”

There was a pause in the conversation.

“We did try, you know,” Xu Kong said eventually.

“Oh.”

“A few times, yeah. And we almost... well, eventually we realized that she couldn’t. You know? That it would never... it would never work.”

“I’m sorry.”

“Ancient history,” he said. This was a lie, but there was only so much of his soul he was willing to bare over pre-dawn plates of greasy pork. The news had put a swift and mostly bloodless end to his marriage, of course. When the last hopeful thing they shared was gone, what was the point? Ah-ming had grown to hate the remoteness of Flushing, and Xu Kong had grown to hate everything else. The shared drive to create that had brought them together in the first place, back when they were just an enthusiastic cellist and a misunderstood harmonica player making eyes at each other from opposite ends of a semiprofessional Manhattan orchestra. He’d even withdrawn from the private musical partnership they’d forged together when he couldn’t stand the indignity of performing in public anymore. He’d gone silent. His ambition was gone, only the bitter husk left behind. “The thing you hate the most is trying,” was what she had said to him. He couldn’t argue with that, and she couldn’t live with it.

“On the other hand,” he said, “I would have been an awful parent anyway. So the world is probably better off without my unique creations.” He popped a dumpling into his mouth. “I’ll bet I know what you’re thinking,” he said, gesturing at the cook with his chopsticks. “My other unique creations.”

“I wasn’t going to—“

“No, no, it’s fine. You’re far from the first person to make that connection.”

“Well, it does seem like – just from my perspective at least – you know, in a way you’re lucky that there are other things for you to create. And that you really are literally creating them piece by piece, right? They don’t just happen without you realizing. They don’t grow up and stop listening to you.”

“They don’t necessarily grow up at all,” Xu Kong said, getting more forceful. “Creation is nothing. Every time you take a shit, it’s a unique creation. Nobody gives a damn. Creation isn’t the big accomplishment – it’s finding the people who are capable of understanding and appreciating what you create. Let’s look at your son. His school clearly doesn’t understand or appreciate him. You say he has a talent. Are they encouraging him to explore it, to push himself? Are you? How do you know he’s not a genius? Maybe his mind is so far beyond what they’re trying to beat into him at school and what you’re trying to beat into him at home that it doesn’t even make sense to him. If there’s nobody who understands that, what kind of life is he going to have? What good is your creation?”

Ping Yaoxi looked at him, wounded. 

“I’m sorry,” he said. “Sore subject for me, obviously. I shouldn’t presume to know anything about your son.”

“You really think he could be a genius?”

“Who knows?” 

“What a relief that would be. All this time, I’ve just been worried he’s a dumbass.” He started to laugh, and Xu Kong, his tension released, laughed as well. 

“Either way,” he said, scooping a clump of fried rice with his chopsticks, “he’s fucked.”