Sugar awoke some time later with the raw throat, snot-clogged head and overworked stomach that signaled a dawning hangover after a night of shouting over music. She opened an eye, blinking away the film of crud. She was in a bed. No — she was on a mattress, on the floor. And she was alone. She closed her eye and groped for a pillow, flopping it over her head to blot out the sunlight that was pouring over her. She was still at the Silent Mill, that much she felt sure of. She could hear people outside the room, voices echoing, occasional large-sounding vehicles passing by outside. 

“Fuuuuuuuuuck,” she moaned into the pillow, because she couldn’t just lay around all day feeling like a sack of shit when there was a mystery to be solved. 

She sat up on the lumpy mattress, her stomach gurgling in protest, and squinted to find her glasses on the floor beside her. She slipped them on and blinked a few times again as her eyes stubbornly refused to focus.

This room clearly belonged to a dude. It was small and sparse and it smelled like pot. Besides the mattress, there was nothing in it but a dresser, an upturned milk crate that served as a nightstand, a single floor lamp, and a cheap wardrobe about half filled with clothes. Out the grime-pocked window, set in the exposed brick wall with one large pane boarded over with bare plywood, she could see between a pair of glossy high-rises a sliver of green-grey parkland, the East River, and Manhattan on the other side. Not a bad view for a shithole. 

She reached for her phone, which was on the floor beside the mattress, and saw that it was nearly noon. She was hungry and dried-out, wearing the same clothes she’d had on last night, feeling the hardened, flaking paint on her face. Her phone was at 2 percent battery and shutting off and it was time to get up and figure out what the fuck was going on. She crawled over to the foot of the mattress to check on her satchel, rummaging through its contents to make sure nothing was missing. Then she rolled onto the clammy concrete floor, rose to her knees, and finally stood, wobbling a little bit and reaching for the wall to steady herself. Slinging the bag strap across her chest, she pulled open the door and stepped out into the main room. There were maybe a dozen people hanging around in the dusty autumn sunlight, all acting more or less like they belonged there on a Saturday morning, and the groaty-looking nests of blankets and pillows left behind on the couches and plusher chairs scattered around the place suggested that a kind of open-door policy was in effect. That was a relief, though she was certainly capable of enacting her own brand of housing reform when necessary. 

She moved slowly along the wall toward the kitchen, looking for a place where she could charge her iPhone. There were metal conduits and industrial-strength outlet boxes snaking all over the walls, but they all either had weird-shaped holes designed for heavy machinery or were so corroded that she was afraid to even step near them, let alone plug her phone into one. As she scanned the room, the memories started dropping in slowly, like Tetris pieces on Level 1, lazily rotating and drifting into position. 

The pinball machine in the far corner, near a little cluster of chairs and desks and an unexpectedly nice couch. Where the hackers were. There was only one person over there now, a girl sitting on the couch, but in the tableau her brain had just belched out there was a whole gaggle of them. The machine was modded with nerd shit – you controlled the flappers with a keyboard instead of the buttons on the side, and the scoreboard was replaced with an old green-on-black monitor. “Every time you hit the ball, you drink.” Someone was talking to her. Two cans of PBR were thunked down on the shelf with the keyboard and popped open. “You hit with the right, you drink from the left. You hit with the left, you drink from the right. Got it?” Whose voice was that? She’d always been good at pinball for some strange reason, which helped explain this hangover at least. 

As she approached the kitchen, she could see that was a pretty charitable description; its rightful name was somewhere between “janitor’s closet” and “artisanal bomb shelter.” The heavy steel shelves that lined the wall were stocked with bins full of tools and utensils, appliances, and rows upon rows of hand-labeled mason jars; the sink was a fiberglass slop basin. The beat-up commercial fridge and oven looked like they’d been poached from a Bowery curb on garbage day. 

There were two guys in there. She didn’t recognize the one standing at the stove, a pudgy black guy in a stained white apron with his huge afro poking out from under a blue bandanna, but the tall white dude perched on a stool at the high metal table, fiddling with an iPad and sipping from a stout white diner mug — that was Peter.

“Morning, assholes,” she said, startling both of them as she slid up to the table. “Is there coffee?”

“Hey, uh, yeah, I, um, was just about to pour some,” said the guy at the stove, looking over his shoulder.

“Bitchin’.” Sugar went over to the shelves to find herself a mug, selecting one that sported the red-and-yellow Marine Corps logo. She held it out expectantly as the guy took his weird-looking kettle off the stove, but he turned the other way with it and set it down on the workbench next to the stove and glanced at his watch. Then he darted back to the shelf, grabbed a tin cup and slid it beneath a plastic canister on one of the shelves with a lever that he pumped several times, each with a loud snapping sound, filling the cup with coffee grounds. He took that and a white ceramic thing that looked like a big teacup with a hole in the bottom over to the workbench, picked a paper filter out of a box on the shelf in front of him, carefully folded over and creased the seam, placed it in the ceramic cone, put that on top of a coffee mug, wet it with a little water, and dumped the coffee grounds into it. He checked his watch again, then lifted the kettle. He tilted it ever so slightly forward, releasing a thin dribble of steaming water from its long, S-shaped spout. The grounds bubbled up. He poured a little more water and stirred them. He waited. A little more. He lifted the filter to check the cup. Poured a little more. Waited. Finally he removed the filter and set it on a plate, lifted the mug, gave the coffee a good long sniff and finally took a sip. He closed his eyes with a satisfied smile. 

“That’s right,” he said. 

He opened his eyes slowly. “Oh, hey, is that your cup?” he said, reaching for Sugar’s mug. “Let me take care of that for you.” He set it down on the bench and took the kettle to the slop sink, refilling it with water. “Be a few minutes,” he said.

“Uh, thanks,” she said, shaking her head as he set the kettle to boil and went to the sink to rinse off his other equipment. She turned back to the table, where Peter was sipping his coffee with a knowing smile. 

“Tafari makes an absolutely *devastating* cup of coffee,” he said. “It almost justifies how long it takes him to make it.”

“I’m already pretty devastated from this hangover,” she said. “Do you think I can handle it?”

“Coffee’s no good for a hangover,” Tafari said over his shoulder again. “It’ll dehydrate you and make your headache worse. You know what you need? Some brine. That shit’s like magic. I got a real tasty batch right, uh...” He trailed off, scanning his rows of mason jars.

“Dude,” Sugar said. “No offense or anything, but if you serve me a glass of pickle juice right now I’m gonna stuff it up your dickhole.” Peter chuckled. 

“Well, how about a banana, then?” Tafari said. “You need the potassium.”

“Is it pickled?”

“You want? They’re a little spicy, though. Maybe not such a good idea.”

“How about just like, normal bananas? Thanks, Jeeves.” She shot Peter a *this-fucking-guy* look. 

“Did you guys meet last night? I forget,” Peter said. Sugar shook her head hesitantly, waiting for Tafari’s answer. 

“I think I’d remember,” he said.

“Well,” Peter said, his voice taking on a kind of proud-dad tone. “Sugar, Tafari. Tafari is the Peanut Butter and Jelly Man.”

“I’m sorry,” she said, “should I know what that is? Are you a famous serial killer or something?” 

“He’s an underground chef.” Peter was beaming; Tafari looked embarrassed. “A sandwich dealer, if you will.” 

“Like, illegal sandwiches?”

“I can’t believe you haven’t heard about this. It was all over the food blogs.”

“Oh. So, what, you have a truck? You grow peanuts on the roof and fertilize them with bacon drippings and menstrual blood?”

“I—”

“It’s so awesome,” Peter said. “He’s like a totally old-school drug dealer, but for sandwiches. People, like, email him or tweet him or whatever with their order. He meets them on the street at lunchtime, hands them a paper bag, takes the money. It’s badass! And he makes all his own ingredients. Roasts the peanuts, makes his own jam, all right here. I mean, that’s a secret, obviously. I don’t need the Health Department shutting this shit down.”

“Wow. Do you have a pager? I heard they’re coming back.” 

Tafari grinned. “Yeah, yeah,” he said. “I just do what I do, you know? What about you, what’s your super power?” he said. 

“Pussy,” Sugar said. 

Tafari’s eyes widened. The kettle started whistling. 

“It’s locally sourced.” Her eyes darted toward the still-screeching kettle. 

Tafari jumped as though he’d just heard it, then hustled over and started pouring. A thin stream of coffee began dribbling into her cup, barely brown but growing darker the more he poured. Watching Tafari’s ministrations a second time, Sugar was transfixed despite herself. She let out an involuntary sigh of anticipation as he lifted the ceramic cone and set it aside. 

“OK,” he said, setting the mug in front of her. “So, I don’t know how you normally take your coffee, but, well, I personally would recommend you try this one black. It doesn’t stand up to milk well, it just makes all the flavors sort of muddy.”

“OK.” She slipped her fingers through the handle and drew the cup closer to herself. 

“Hang on a second, now. I know you just want to guzzle this bitch, but it’s not gonna help you with your damn hangover anyway, so you might as well take your time and enjoy it. Let me talk you through it, OK?”

Sugar nodded, smirking, humoring him but also enjoying how seriously he was taking this. 

“First, just lean in and take a real deep breath. Let the steam open up your nasal passages a little. Now breathe it in again, nice and slow. Really fill your lungs with it. It should have a dominant floral character,  a little sweetness, a little citrus. Nice, right?”

“Mmm-hmm.” She mostly just smelled her own melting snot.

“OK, now you’re gonna take a sip. You want to kind of slurp it a little. That cools it off so it doesn’t burn your mouth, but it also aerates it and releases more of the aromatics. It’s going to have a real clean mouthfeel with bright flavors — honey, lime, then a little bit of milk chocolate as you get to the finish. Go ahead.” He waited expectantly.

Sugar slurped. At first there was nothing but the heat, but then a burst of flavor cut through the fog. “Oh, shit,” she said, taking a longer, lustier second sip.  

“What do you think?”

“I want to give it a handjob behind a bowling alley.” 

Tafari smiled, aiming a slightly uncomfortable glance at Peter. 

“Really, it’s delicious. Thank you. I’m gonna have a tender moment with it now, if you don’t mind.”

She cupped the mug with both hands, letting it warm her fingers and palms, and sipped from it slowly, her elbows on the high heavy table. The heat of it was clearing her head, reviving her, and she could feel the haze starting to lift from her memories. She looked around the Silent Mill again and the things and people her gaze lit upon felt familiar rather than mysterious. The thing that particularly caught her eye — because how could it not — was the large wooden sculpture or installation or whatever the fuck it was in the open area of the room near the stage. It was like a miniature Viking ship, maybe twelve feet long, shantylike and definitely not seaworthy, with a serpent figurehead jutting out the front, a mast and sail covered in some kind of grungy-looking runes — or probably they were Hebrew characters, since the words “RADICAL JUDAISM” were messily painted on the side of the boat — and, the best part, a bunch of industrial-grade candy dispensers where the cannons or oars would have been, shitting out monotone streams of M&Ms at random intervals whether or not anyone was there to receive them.

It hadn’t been there when she arrived last night. The crowd had been a thoroughly organic organism, arrhythmic, patchy-bearded, steamy and close despite the nipple-puckering chill in the autumn air. Sweat was seeping from her every surface before even the first song was done, and she stripped off her sweater and bent to shove it into the bag at her feet. (Among the things she had become expert in was making sure this satchel never left her side, and even here, in the throes of rhythmic ecstasy, it would remain tethered to her, its strap slung over her shoulder or looping loosely but securely between her feet.) 

Even in just her camisole and skirt, she radiated moisture. Her sweat glands pumped with joyous abandon, coating her with the even bone-dampness of an insistent Seattle rainshower. It soaked her hair, eroded her face paint, traversed her inky expanses in salty tributaries that confluenced at the trembling tip of her thirsty cunt. Was there any pleasure more acute, any danger more delicious, than disappearing inside yourself and dancing until you melted? The thrilling jolt of terror that lanced through her gut when she closed her eyes was as potent today as it ever had been; rather than fading with familiarity, if anything it had intensified as her list of things to fear grew longer. As the music filled the darkness she became acutely, minutely aware of every centimeter of her skin, taut, twitchy, glowing with adrenaline, feeling the music in every hair, a trillion tiny vibrations individually received and appreciated — a primal fight-or-flight trance, and by remaining inside it, by resisting the imperative to save herself, she gained access to her body’s unknowable sensations, forbidden to her outside the scant moments before violent, onrushing death. 

A blizzard of memories was kicked up as her reptilian brain rifled through its contents in a desperate search for something, anything, that might be used to effect an escape, and failing that, something to bring her comfort in these final moments. Awash in the avuncular groove of AIDS Parade, her mind retreated to the toasty cocoon of flannel sheets in the needle-green morning glow of a humid Pacific Northwest winter. The little 13-inch TV on the dresser at the foot of her bed had an alarm timer, and she would set it an hour early so that she could awake at a leisurely pace to the squishy sounds of a morning showing of "Pop-Up Video" before being dragged out of bed to get ready for school. In those benighted, pre-cool days before the twin hammer-blows of puberty and high school, her love of corny, ’80s-heavy VH1 fare was total and unabashed. By that point MTV was already starting to give up on music videos, and the few it did play were overrun with the kinds of herky-jerky aggression and unctuous sexuality that seemed focus-group calibrated to terrify and confuse the overmatched parents of the late-’90s middle class; even then Sugar had a finely tuned radar for anyone trying too hard, and VH1, with its shamelessly high ratio of Elton John videos to non-Elton John videos, could definitely not be accused of that.

But a treacherous rumbling snapped her out of this reverie, an inorganic tremor detected in the alert soles of her feet. Her eyes flew open, dumping her back into the present, and her head whipped around, looking for its source. Was the floor about to collapse? She grabbed her bag and squeezed out to the margins of the crowd, closer to the exterior wall where the structural integrity of the building was likely to be greater. There was a heavy steel cage there, bolted to the floor and protecting some long-since-seized-up hunk of heavy machinery, and she climbed up on it for a better view, crouching, leonine, ready to leap for safety, plotting out the fastest path though the crowd to the exit. The shaking was intensifying, accompanied now by metallic groaning and a mechanical whirr and clatter. At the edge of her vision she detected something very large moving slowly. Moving upwards. It was just the freight elevator. She loosened her white-knuckled grip on the steel mesh and exhaled, her muscles slackening, her pulse relaxing, her tunnel vision fading. 

The elevator gate opened to reveal a vegan-emaciated, combat-booted guy wearing an ill-fitting tool belt (so loose it was tied in a knot that hung just left of his crotch) and dragging a pallet heaped with wood, metal, and various other shit. He made a ramshackle beeline for the stage, dancing hipsters scattering lithely in his path, but stopped in the midst of the crowd and set about dismantling his pile of junk and putting it back together, creating an even larger clearing around himself as he arranged the materials into a series of piles. The band didn’t miss a note, even when he unholstered his hammer and drill or hoisted the sail, blocking the projector beam to cast a long, dark shadow on the stage.

Watching this nonsense from her vantage point atop the cage, Sugar enjoyed commanding the high ground and decided to stay up there for a while. She leaned over the side to get the attention of a nearby singleton. 

“Sweetie, could I trouble you to get me a beer?”

“Sure.” He smiled, peering up at her through large, slightly brown-tinted glasses. “What would you like?”

“Surprise me.”

He hustled over to the fridge and returned with a bottle of Brooklyn Lager, unopened.

“Thanks, babe,” she said, wedging the bottle against a groin of mesh to pop the cap off with a deft smack. She took a long sip and sighed, leaning back against the bricks. Beside her the guy’s head popped up from below, and she reached out a hand to stop him gently. “Maybe later,” she said. “I’m in the middle of something right now.” The head disappeared, frowning. 