Sugar met Carter on line outside the Ballroom.

“What’s up, daddy?” 

“Aren’t you cold?” he said. She was wearing cowboy boots with a sleeveless pink minidress printed all over with images of small white rabbits.

“I’m sorry, but the correct question is, aren’t I hot?” She struck a pose for him. “You’re not gonna look too sexy when you’re sweating your balls off in there in that corduroy bullshit.”

Inside, as the piped-in music played, Sugar led him as close to the stage as she could. She had a way of causing the crowd to part before her. Then, during the opening act, as clouds of pot smoke began drifting through the room, they snuck a few hits each from a joint that Carter produced from an interior pocket. It was potent, and by the time Das Racist took the stage Sugar’s vision had darkened and the passage of time had slowed to a crawl. Whatever fell into her narrowed field of perception received the full measure of her attention, and when the 8-bit Arabian bleeps of “Who’s That? Brooown!” heralded the group’s entrance she went as wild as if they had come to perform for her personally. She turned her laser focus on their rhymes, and their dense wordplay, triple-layered in-jokes, obscure references and obtuse racial commentaries felt ecstatically profound.

“Brown Elvis — I can’t help it,” came the opening line from Kool AD. “Brown Larry Bird, y’all the ’97 Celtics. All brown everything, better than you ever seen.” Heems countered: “Black Tintin, Jewish Mel Gibson, Kool AD juice man stab it like Simpson. What can brown do for you? What has brown done for me, lately?”

The closeness of the crowd, its suddenly conspicuous whiteness, the weed smells, the sweaty humidity, the brain-punishing volume — all these things were gone. The music blotted out the overwhelming, secretly terrifying city outside, the sounds and smells of hot water and roasted coffee beans meeting under high pressure, her caffeinated, damp, unexpected nostalgia, the barista’s brazen cunnilingus claims, the boy at her side. Sugar was bellied-up to the stage, dipping and nodding furiously, rapping along to the songs she knew. As the rhymes entered her head they slowed down enough for her to absorb each word; some of them came back out her mouth, while others were ingested by her nervous system and zapped down her spinal cord, making her twitch and shudder and tingle all over and sometimes press hard against the stage as a weakness passed through her legs. “Trap raps, let ’em free, they always come back to me! The internet told me that that’s called love. I’m on the internet cause I’m an internet thug!”

But the intense concentration she attained only in such THC-fueled fugue states was, once broken, difficult to harness again. This happened during the second chorus of “Michael Jackson,” when some girl next to or behind her, after belting out a particularly exuberant “Holla!,” must have lost her balance and fallen into Sugar, shoving her hard against the stage, nearly doubling her over as the blunt corner pushed into her stomach, forcing the wind out of her lungs and compressing her guts. The girl laughed shrilly and brayed “Oh my gawd!,” apparently unconcerned with who or what she was sprawled out on top of, until someone must have mercifully pulled her up. 

Reacting was out of the question. Bent forward, catching her breath and suppressing the urge to vomit, Sugar saw nothing but her hands against the shoddily painted wood of the stage and heard only the blood rushing through the throbbing veins in her head. Gradually, she developed a vague understanding of something touching her, which eventually resolved itself into a sweaty hand on her shoulder, which was ultimately determined to have belonged to Carter. He helped her stand up straight and shouted “Are you all right?” into her ear. She nodded, because now that the shock had worn off there was clearly no damage done. 

It was only then that she made the fatal mistake of turning to catch a glimpse of who had fallen on her. To her left was a clique of young white girls who had that look of trashy abandon that pegged them as college freshmen. At 25, Sugar felt old enough to be their mother, or at least their older cousin who you’d think would get along with them since they’re basically of the same generation but finds she really has nothing to say to them. Then she heard that voice again, the nasal, brutish tones of that unmistakable Long Island accent, and she immediately both knew which one it was and lost the ability to concentrate on anything else. 

From the way they danced and talked, Sugar thought they were drunk and too young to be so legally, meaning they had either pre-gamed — were kids still saying that? — or snuck something in. They talked incessantly and inanely during the verses and sung the hooks, loudly and off key. Though she turned her back to them and tried to re-enter the flow of the music, that voice kept bleeding in and intercepting her consciousness.

“Yo, do you smell that? That’s weed! That’s fuckin’ weed!”

“You guys, seriously! You’re my besties! Who, Danielle? No, fuck that bitch. She’s got big ears. And she gives too many blowjobs.”

“Seriously, you don’t smell that? That’s fuckin’ weed.”

“I know! My mom said the same thing. I was like, ‘Ma, what the fuck? I’m in college! Where else am I supposed to get money from?’ She wanted us to take the subway!”

“Michael Jackson! A millyin dollahs! Yuh feel me? HAHLLA!”

She closed her eyes and tried unsuccessfully to shut the voice out. Each word was like a little insect in hoop earrings and Christian Siriano for Payless shoes crawling beneath her skin. Even the time that passed between the beatings of her heart was interminable. She opened her eyes, turned to Carter, grabbed his arm. “Help me get out,” she said.

It wasn’t easy. Bodies pressed forward as they scooted along the edge of the stage until the crowd thinned out and they were able to make their way to the back. There were some couches near the bar. Sugar sat, wordlessly, and Carter joined her. 

“Are you all right?” he said. “Can I get you something?”

She said nothing, just shook her head and held up her hand. She stared ahead at the bouncing crowd and spasms of pure hatred racked her body so violently that she doubled over and began to heave. 

“Holy shit!” Carter said. “Are you throwing up?”

Sugar shook her head again and held up her hand. The spasm passed and she screamed into the floor, a long, guttural roar that immediately dissolved into the music and sounds of the crowd.

“Uh, maybe we should go outside and get some air,” Carter said, standing up and helping Sugar to do the same. 

She took a deep breath and said “I’m OK,” then allowed herself to be led away. 

“No re-entry,” said the guard posted by the door.

“That’s not what your mom said last night,” Sugar replied tonelessly, as if by reflex.

“Jesus! I’m sorry,” Carter said to the guard, who just shook his head disapprovingly.

Outside, bicycles lined the sidewalk like police barricades, chained to every available object — the overflowing bike racks, signposts, telephone poles, newspaper boxes, fire hydrants. Sugar’s eyes spun wildly. There was no way out. Carter directed her to close her eyes and put her head between her knees. Soon the cold air cleared Sugar’s head enough so that she could function again.

“What was that laced with, fucking uranium?” she shouted. “I felt like my brain was gonna fall out my asshole!”

Carter stared at her for a few moments, then began laughing hysterically. Sugar tried to resist, then began laughing too. 

“Oh, I’m sorry,” Carter said when he calmed down a little. “Are you OK now though?”

“I’m fucking fine,” she said. “Now take me somewhere and get me drunk.”