For Xu Kong, as a trainman, the subway system was his most profound culture shock upon moving to New York. Even the name, actually — in Hong Kong, subways were the underground walkways that connected different lines and platforms in the stations. The train was simply known as the MTR – Mass Transit Railway. The meanings were just close enough to ensure that he would never be fully rid of the cognitive dissonance of phrases like “take the subway to Coney Island.” 

Then again, riding the New York subway was probably more akin to walking underground than to taking the MTR. Back in the ’90s, when he was just a straphanger, the system often seemed to him not to actually be under human control. There was no order, no schedule to speak of. The trains would just sort of happen, and continue rolling under their own momentum, coming and going as they pleased, never with any indication if or when they might arrive, and displaying a tendency to park themselves in the tube for periods of time without warning or explanation. They never stopped running, never slept. And the stations, with their crazy quilt of tunnels, transfers, ramps and subways — damn it — hardly seemed intended for human navigation. They were dank, filthy and rather frightening.

The MTR, meanwhile, was the envy of the world, or at least that segment of the world that regarded mass transit systems as objects of envy. The government built the whole damn thing, lock stock and barrel, in the ’70s and kept on adding bits as needed, rather than grafting three different railways together like Doctor bloody Moreau as they had in New York. Trains in the MTR were bloody well regimented, and the stations were clean as a hospital and safe as the womb. Working the MTR, on its best days, felt like controlling a huge, efficient machine within a second’s precision to further the orderly progress of humanity; working the New York subway, on all days, felt like beating back the advancing march of entropy with your bare hands while being attacked by half-functioning robots. 

Here again tonight, Xu Kong’s train was running behind its schedule, which had rather more of theory than praxis in it to begin with. What was the problem? The stations were crowded as hell, for one thing. It was a mild autumn Friday night, which always got people out of their homes and into the city, even at this hour, just passing 10. Then they were getting red signals left and right starting from Willets Point — essentially, the whole way. They were crawling. And Taylor was such a slow bloody driver to begin with. 

“Wah, we are five behind, TO. What is going on out there?” 

“Can’t see nothin,” Taylor said. 

Xu Kong switched the radio over to dispatch. “Control, this is Flushing nine four six. We are seeing a lot of red signals, please advise, over.” 

“Flushing nine four six, we have a signal unit down at 33rd southbound. Crew on the tracks. Speed restriction in effect. Over.”

“Hope you brought a book, TO,” Xu Kong said. He sighed and leaned on his windowsill, peering through the dirty glass at the streetlit, catshit-brown expanse of brickbuilt East Elmhurst that spread out north of the elevated tracks. It was, like most everything in his life of late, oppressive in its utter absence of beauty, its opposition to inspiration, a wasteland he’d passed through and contemplated thousands of times during his career on the rails. 

“Gui loh mo,” he said aloud — “his mother,” the catch-all Cantonese swear — and reached under the seat for his pack. He took from it a small velvet sack, and from that sack he removed his travel-weary, 16-hole Suzuki chromatic. It was his pocket harmonica, the one he did not mind rattling around with all the other crap he carried around with him. With the dent in one of its nickel coverplates and its peachwood comb ever so slightly warped from years of absorbing and releasing his blown-in spit, it was functional but no longer performance-caliber — a pretension he allowed himself to hold onto even though he knew it was a little sad. It was he himself who had ceased to be performance-caliber.

Another vestigial habit was his preparation ritual, a series of automatic, unconscious tics like the home plate routine of a superstitious baseball player. He tapped the mouthpiece against his left palm four times, worked the slider button three times, wet his lips, wiped them with the back of his hand, wet them again, ran the mouthpiece across them while exhaling softly, took a single deep breath through his nose, blew a G, drew an A while fluttering it to A# with the slider, then tipped his head back and exhaled deeply to the ceiling. The chilly metal was beginning to warm in his hands as the train jerked forward, then stopped. 

He brought the instrument to his lips again, closed his eyes, decided on the “Badinerie” from Bach’s Orchestral Suite No. 2 in B minor, and began to play. Almost immediately he became everything his train wasn’t, diving into the jaunty, vernal melody with a fluid attack, breathing with his entire body and dipping forward with every downbeat, his head and the instrument cupped  in his hands gliding past each other as if counterbalanced. He felt the train lurch into motion again as he played, but kept his eyes closed, swept up in the forward momentum of the beautiful melody. 

He reached the end of the passage after about a minute end a half, opening  his eyes again and looking to the window as the train began to slow. They were approaching 82nd Street–Jackson Heights. Hurriedly he shoved the Suzuki into a jacket pocket and stood at the window, sliding the pane down as his center car crossed the threshold of the platform’s eastern edge, eyeing the gathered crowd as the corrugated fiberglass windscreen flew in from the left to blot out his view of the neighborhood beyond it. 

The train squealed roughly to a stop — bloody Taylor — and Xu Kong gestured perfunctorily at the striped position marker mounted at the top of the windscreen in front of him before opening the doors. Only a handful got out, and a few dozen more squeezed in. “82nd Street next stop 74th stand clear the closing doors,” he mumbled into the PA. 

He leaned his head out the window, the breeze wicking away the burning-hoover smell of track dirt incinerated by the train’s brakes, and watched the last stragglers shuffle on. There was no point in rushing, the schedule being totally bollocksed anyway. He hit the button and the doors chimed and closed. Nobody was stuck in a door, and no one was left on the platform to do anything daft. He retracted his head and snapped the window shut. 

He reached back into his pocket and, barely a hundred yards outside the station, the train jerked to a stop again. Hum ga can! 

“Ladies and gentlemen some signal problems ahead will be moving shortly,” he told the PA. He was feeling especially restless tonight for some reason. It was one of those nights when it felt like a slow train was actually slowing time itself, as though 10:06 would never really arrive until they reached 74th Street, even if his clock argued that he was six minutes past that already, and the thought of how many times he would flip the finger-worn switches in his cabin felt like a waste of a number, and his 120-mile journey to nowhere looked even more Sisyphean than usual. 

He reached into his pocket once more, put his head down, and began to play “Rhapsody in Blue.” 

Snippets of that, played a couple minutes at a time, sustained him all the way to 40th Street–Lowery, at which point he took up Vivaldi’s “Four Seasons” concertos. Instead of the most famous of the suite, “Spring,” he began with the languid, melancholy “Summer,” which he played from 33rd–Rawson Street all the way through Queensboro Plaza and Court Square, where a gaggle of hipster kids were making a transfer from the G, and all the way through Hunters Point into the Steinway Tunnel and Grand Central. “Spring” took him from there to the end of the line at Times Square, where he kept playing what he knew was a few seconds too long as the train pulled in to finish a particularly enjoyable passage. 

He muttered “gui loh mo” as he hastily pocketed the Suzuki and slammed the window open. “Times Square 42nd Street last stop thank you for riding MTA New York City Transit have a good night,” he announced as the train stopped. 

Already people were massing at the yellow platform edge, itching to board. This train was going to sit there for at least five minutes, just like every other fucking train that had ever stopped there for the past fucking century. Why have these assholes never figured this out? 

He opened the doors to the jockeying idiots of Times Square. “Last stop,” he pleaded in vain over the PA, “last stop, please allow passengers to exit this train before boarding.” But they did not, because they never did. He pulled his head back in and closed his eyes as a tide of insensible rage rose and ebbed through his body, feeling the torrent of hot loathing pulsing through his feet, up his abdomen, through the furious chambers of his heart. He ran his fingers over the body-temperature metal of the talisman in his pocket, the smooth old wood at the edges of its comb, the hot, damp gaps in its mouthpiece. 

He opened his eyes again only to be startled by the face looking in the window at him. 

“Just makin’ sure yer in there, Kong,” the guy said. He was in full MTA garb with a reflective yellow vest over his regulation blue shirt. 

“I am in fact, O’Hanlon,” Xu Kong said.

O’Hanlon frowned at him with his big, ass-red face. “I thought maybe I heard some music, is all. And I says to myself, that can’t be Xu Kong playin’ his kazoo. Seeing as how he knows better.” 

Xu Kong stiffened, because this ruddy puk gai was a platform conductor. In theory, his job was to assist the conductors passing through stations when their view of some of the doors was obstructed by crowds or a curved platform or something, usually by standing there and waving a little flashlight around like an asshole. But in reality, his main occupation was to be a miserable shit to everyone in rolling stock, because there were only two ways for a conductor to get stuck on the platform — either he was fresh out of schoolcar, which O’Hanlon was certainly not, or he was in deep shit over something. The platform was the rubber room for subway fuckups. Xu Kong knew, because he’d done a few months of hard time there himself. For “playin’ his kazoo,” in fact. So if this rubicund shitbird went to the station super over it and they found the Suzuki on him, he was buggered. That was a grave not even the union could pull you out of. 

“Your instincts are spot on as ever,” he said. “No kazoo here.” 

The silence expanded awkwardly as O’Hanlon said nothing. 

“Actually, I have a task that might benefit from your gimlet eye,” Xu Kong said, straight-faced. “Dodgy door in the back. All the way back, actually, car 11. Last set of doors. Fancy giving it a look?” 

“Yeah,” O’Hanlon said, in a tone that made it sound like he intended it to be an insult. 

Xu Kong let out a long, shaky breath as O’Hanlon trudged out of his hair and towards the back of the train. He flicked his light a few times and Xu Kong closed and opened the doors, taking a dose of sustaining pleasure from the panic it induced in the people coming down the stairs. O’Hanlon waved the light up and down, the affirmative gesture, but Xu Kong waved him back to the window urgently. He returned, without urgency.

“What a cock-up,” Xu Kong said, to O’Hanlon’s increasingly malevolent glower. “It was car 11 southbound. Car 1 now. First door. Sticking a bit. If you could. You know. Just. Thanks,” he said to the back of O’Hanlon’s head as he stalked towards the front of the train. He saw past him that their signal was green. He checked the clock.

PA button. “7 to Main Street Fifth Avenue next stand clear of the closing doors.” Door button. Bi-bong. Intercom button. “Clear, TO.” He gave O’Hanlon a little two-finger salute before closing his window. Then, as the walls of the tunnel closed in, he reached into his pocket to finish what he had started.