The aftermath of a 12-9 was one of the few things that the MTA did not fuck around with. Though all subway crew members were trained to deal with it, few were truly prepared for it, and Xu Kong had heard plenty of stories about motormen and conductors who never really recovered from what they had seen and had to go off and live by themselves in the desert or some such bollocks. 

Still, though, the sight of mangled, broken human bodies was not something one ever expected to encounter outside of a war zone. The memory was proving difficult to shake, and the image returned to him vividly, especially in dark places and dreams. Sometimes the face would be replaced with one he recognized. Sometimes it would be his own. He was sleeping poorly, so the paid leave he received from the MTA was welcome. They told him to take a week off, see how he felt, and give them a call. 

Xu Kong rarely took time off, and he soon found himself feeling restless and bored, especially after a couple of nights of tossing and turning in bed. He was unable to concentrate on music; holding a harmonica made him think of work, his odd interrogation at the hands of those detectives, the look on Marty Flores' face when he saw the clammy metal in the cop's hand. Problem was, he had nothing else to do with himself. Watching TV infuriated him, to the point where he questioned why he paid for cable in the first place. Reading made him tired, even more so because of his lack of sleep, but no nap lasted long once the ghastly images of the accident returned. He even thought of calling Yuming, but after the dressing-down she had given him last week he would not put her in a position to say no to him. He started taking nearly all his meals at restaurants, just to force himself to get dressed and get out of the house. He would walk farther and farther afield: Korean places, Indian, Uruguayan, Argentine, Filipino, Himalayan, Peruvian, Greek, Thai, French, sometimes walking miles along Roosevelt Avenue to neighborhoods he'd never had a reason to go to before. One night, when the weather was particularly foul, he stayed local and nipped into Prosperity Dumpling, but Ping Yaoxi was off. He had his usual, but it tasted different when he had to speak its name aloud first.

A few days into his exile, Marty Flores called him at home. 

“How ya doing? Just wanted to check in.”

“Fine. I appreciate the time off, but I think I will be OK to come back next week.”

“Great, that’s great. A lotta guys, you know, they take it pretty hard. It’s some heavy stuff you saw down there.”

“I know. I would certainly prefer not to see it again.”

“Yeah, yeah, sure, right, of course. Look, I just want you to know, if you feel like you want to talk to somebody, you know, that’s fine. If you want we can help you find somebody that specializes in this kinda thing. People who’ve experienced stuff like what you experienced, I mean. You just let me know. Anything you need.”

“OK. Thanks.”

“You know they’re gonna want you to see someone before they put you back on duty.”

“What do you mean?”

“An evaluation.”

“For what reason? I did not even see it happen!”

“It’s policy.”

“Bollocks to that.”

“Ain’t my rules. I’m just sayin’, if you want to talk to someone who’s not gonna report everything you say to the brass, let me know.”

He didn’t, because he felt he had nothing to say. And when he called in, the supervisor did ask him to see an agency-approved therapist just to certify that he was of sound mind before returning to his conductor’s duties. And so, grumbling, he traveled downtown to the office of Dr. Tsubasa Kamioka in Tribeca. Tsubasa turned out to be a Japanese woman roughly his age who already had his incident report in hand when he assumed his place on her couch.

“So, Xu Kong. How are you feeling?”

“Fine.”

The doctor went on to explain that the contents of their conversation were confidential and she would give the MTA only a simple opinion on whether he was fit to return or should be granted some more time off. “I tell you this to encourage you to be honest about your thoughts and feelings, not so you can act crazy in exchange for a paid vacation.” She smiled. Xu Kong didn’t.

“I am perfectly fit to return, and I quite frankly do not see why this is necessary.”

“Why is that? I would say, at least from the report, that you’ve had quite a disturbing experience. Something most people would never see or ever expect to see in their lifetimes.”

“It was unpleasant. It was certainly not my preference to go down there, crawling under the platform, and see what I saw. But it was my job.”

“That’s interesting. Because, if I’m understanding this correctly, you volunteered to go. It was actually the train operator’s job.”

Xu Kong frowned, then remembered Flores’ rather paranoid warning about “the brass.” He sighed, annoyed that he had to repeat this white lie again for the benefit of the princeling Tibbetts. “I suppose that is true,” he said. 

“What was your reason for doing that?”

“Just my heroic nature.” He smiled sourly. The doctor continued to wait expectantly for his answer, as though he hadn’t said anything at all. After a few more seconds he relented, irritated. “It was the kid’s first week on the job. I had been asked to help bring him along, show him the ropes or what have you. So I thought having to watch the man fall on the damned tracks right in front of him was quite enough of that sort of education for day three on the job. He hardly needed to see the aftermath as well.” He tried to suppress a scowl after this and was unsure if he succeeded. As far as he was concerned, the gory mess he had witnessed would hardly have made an impression on the little puk gai if he had crawled under the train and laid down on the tracks with it.

“It seems to me that you’re angry about something,” the doctor said. 

“My face just looks that way,” Xu Kong said. “My ex-wife can confirm that.” He reflected that this comment had probably not helped his case much. 

“What did you see? Can you describe it to me?”

“He was very bloody. His arm was twisted in sort of an odd way. I assume it was broken. And his face was a bit, well, crushed. Misshapen. It was all under the train, so there was not much I could see.”

“Sounds grisly.”

“Yes. But nothing worse than what you could see in a movie or on TV.”

“Have you been sleeping well?”

“Um. Not especially, no. But you understand, I work unusual hours and I do not take much time off. I like to have a routine.”

“Are you having dreams that are disturbing or upsetting?”

“A few. Nothing debilitating.”

“That doesn’t concern you?”

“It will pass.”

“Why are you so sure?”

“There is no reason for it not to. I saw something. Something unpleasant. But it is just an image. I feel no guilt or blame. I was not the driver. I was six cars back. All I did was call it in. Right now the memory is fresh, and it is a bad memory. But it will fade.”

“You think the driver was to blame?”

“No. From what I know, it seems to have been a pure accident.”

“But you were supposed to be showing him the ropes.”

“Yes, but nothing so basic as not running people over! They generally try to instill that particular lesson on motormen before unleashing them on the public.”

“So you had no feelings of guilt at all then?”

“What are you, a therapist or a detective? Should I have a lawyer present?”

“I’m not accusing you of anything, Xu Kong, merely trying to ascertain your thoughts and feelings over the past week since this incident occurred. As I said, everything we discuss is confidential. If you’re concealing some feelings from me, and I clear you to return, and then something happens, well, what good would that do?”

He frowned again. “Yes. Fine. I apologize.”

“No need to apologize,” the doctor said. “You should feel free to say anything you like in this room, even if you think it will upset me. I can take it. I’ve probably had worse.” She smiled again, warmly.

Xu Kong smiled back, said nothing. There was silence, which he felt no compulsion to fill. 

“Well, shall we change the subject then?” the doctor said brightly. “It says here you had a harmonica in your pocket. You play?”

“I do. Not when I am working, if that is what you are implying.”

“Not at all.”

“I like to carry it around. Just a habit. It calms me down. I just hold it in my pocket, or look at it, or press the button. I told the police this.”

“I’m not the police. Are you still feeling interrogated?”

“A bit.”

“Do you have trouble staying calm while you’re working?”

“Tell me, to pass your little test, do I have to like my job?”

Tsubasa smiled. “Of course not.”

“Good. Because I hate it. I find it dull. Frustrating. Depressing, vulgar, pathetic, intellectually bankrupt, infuriating. So, yes, I do at times have trouble staying calm.”

“Vulgar. That’s an interesting word to use.”

Xu Kong shrugged.

“You’d rather be doing something else? Something that you feel is more, what, elevated?”

He sighed. “No. I had a go at that already. That was a disappointment also. But at least my current disappointments pay the bills.”

“What did you do?”

“Well. I studied music. In Hong Kong. Went to a conservatory, all that.”

“For the harmonica? That’s quite unique.”

“Well, less so in Hong Kong, but yes. A bit too unique, I am afraid. No one has ever known quite what to do with my, ah, contributions.”

The doctor waited for him to say more. 

“I studied and I play Western classical music. In this tradition, most people still think of the harmonica as a novelty. I do not. In one way or another, this difference of opinion ultimately proved fatal to whatever musical ambitions I might have harbored. What, exactly, does this have to do with my fitness to return to work?”

“Perhaps nothing. But we’ll never know if we don’t talk about it, right?” She smiled again. Xu Kong was finding her expressions very difficult to read. “But the fact is,” she continued, “we are just about out of time here. But based on our conversation today, I see no reason why you should not be allowed to return to your duties, and my report to the MTA will say as much. I’ll do my best to file it today and prevent any further delay.”

“Very good. Thank you, doctor.”

“You may call me Tsubasa if you like. I’m not a stickler for formality in this room.”

“Very well.” It was a bit late for this information to be of use to him.

“Do you think you’d like to continue?”

“Continue what?”

“Our sessions.”

“Why would I want to do that?”

“Well, it seemed to me you had a lot of feelings you were eager to discuss.”

That surprised him. “I. Uh. Oh. Well. I had not planned on it.”

“Well, please give a call if you change your mind. I’d be glad to have you in my practice.”

Xu Kong nodded, then opened the door, passing through the waiting room and into the hallway. He felt increasingly anxious as he waited for the elevator, a skin-crawling sensation. He wanted just to leave. He tapped his foot impatiently all the way down and hustled through the lobby and out onto the street, then a few blocks to the 1-2-3 at Chambers Street, out of the grey sun, back in the hole. 