"Phil, is this a fucking joke?"

Xu Kong's desire to leap out of the chair was so palpable he practically levitated. He was in the super's office and the door was closed, but he still feared making a spectacle, and so stayed put. 

"It's just like you to look at it that way," Phil said evenly. "You're very negative, Kong."

"Sei puk gai! I did everything you asked of me, you son of a bitch! I coddled and covered for Jerry Tibbetts' mongoloid offspring. Is it my fault the little prince could not make it through a whole week without running someone over?"

"Nobody's saying that." 

"Then why am I being punished?"

"You know," Phil said, trying hard to sell the line, "technically, it would be considered a promotion."  

"To the garbage train?"

"Well, it's not like you're gonna be a cleaner. You'll be conducting and, you know, supervising. The crew. It's a management-track position. Y'know, they're doing some garbage runs during the day now. Part of that whole trash pilot program thing. They need conductors who know what the hell they're doing to keep everything on schedule. Maybe you'd enjoy the challenge. Change of pace."

"Your optimism is truly inspiring, Phil," Xu Kong said, scowling. "Was the garbage train your big break? What an honor to tread upon your footsteps."

"Eat shit, Kong," the super said, giving up his impassive facade. "I ain't gotta do jack shit for you, you miserable fuck. You know how many guys I got out on those rails would have been licking my balls with gratitude if I asked them to babysit Caleb Tibbetts for a week? But I give it to you, even though you're a pain in my ass. Why? Because I thought you were the right guy for it, I knew you wouldn't spend all week just kissing his ass to get in good with his pops. Cuz I thought you earned it. So, imagine my surprise when they tell me you spent all week in the booth playing 'Camptown Races,' and meanwhile, Casey Jones is mowing motherfuckers down left and right."

Xu Kong's face flared with rage, the indictment of his musical taste needling him even more than the implication that he was somehow to blame, after all the complaints he had raised about the kid's incompetence. "Phil-"

"Shut the fuck up. Now. I'm sure you understand that if I wanted to bury you right now, there wouldn't exactly be a lot of objection to that. In fact, I'd probably be doing myself a favor. But I'll tell you something, Kong. That's not the kind of guy I am. I don't pass the buck. The way I see it, I'm the one who screwed the pooch - thinking that you gave a fuck."

Xu Kong frowned. He didn't really give a fuck, in the scheme of things, but he still felt ashamed. 

"Now, I coulda just stuck you down on the platform for, I dunno, the rest of your tragic fucking life. But I just arranged to have you transferred  Why? Well, Kong, I dunno. Maybe it's just cuz I'm a nice guy."

Xu Kong stared at the floor, saying nothing. He was equally mad at the super's smug tone and the fact that he couldn't argue with him. 

"You're welcome, Kong," the super said. "Now get the fuck outta my office."

Xu Kong stood and left without a word. 

What Xu Kong feared, and what soon came to pass, was that this new assignment would prove more of a punishment than Phil could ever realize. His stable, predictable, convenient routine was abolished, traded for a spot as low man on the totem pole and utility player on a variety of different work trains: garbage collection, cleaning, railbed vacuuming, construction and signal crews, track geometry and inspection, rail adhesion, and whatever other obscure labors could be conducted underground. Rather than hewing to his familiar stretch of track, Flushing to Times Square, there and back again, he ranged to the remotest corners of the subway system. Work trains knew no limits, and his assignments carried him to unfamiliar stretches of the lettered BMT lines and far-flung yards in deepest Brooklyn and places in the Bronx he'd never even heard of: Mosholu. Pitkin. Unionport.

"Why the long face, X?" one of the garbage crew brayed at him at the start of a long night of trash runs. "Turn that frown upside-down!"

Xu Kong just stared at him, glowering. After about two weeks of bouncing around from crew to crew, he seemed to have landed a regular spot on The Knickerbocker, one of the MTA's fleet of eight garbage trains that prowled the tunnels after hours. There were three other men on the crew, a motorman and two trash collectors, and they were all named Bob. This Bob, who was irrepressibly cheerful and looked impossibly old, with a shriveled, hairless white head that seemed always about to dip beneath his shoulders like a turtle's, had cajoled him into spelling his name one night and ever since had convinced the rest of the crew to refer to him simply as "X." Xu Kong loathed him most of all.

Undaunted by the daggers Xu Kong threw his way, Bob waited long enough for it to be clear he wouldn't be getting an answer, then just turned on his heel and began singing to himself as he shuffled toward the nearest garbage pail. "Frown, frown, upside-down," he croaked. 

This crew was a torture of such exquisite poetic justice it could have been devised for him by Dante. It robbed him of the one aspect of his job he actually treasured - its relative solitude - and replaced it with heaping quantities of everything he hated. Instead of a locked compartment, he occupied the corner of a hollowed-out old Redbird cab, hauling their stinking cargo in the chattering company of Bobs. The second Bob was younger, right around his age, with a mass of tightly curled hair, a missing tooth, and a surprisingly resonant baritone that was thoroughly wasted on his boorish speech patterns. He was given to expansively vulgar displays such as listing out all the items his wife had made for dinner that night and then announcing, in his thick Greek accent, "I don't get the paidakia, she don't get the-" and then making a tickling gesture with the index finger of his upturned hand and a farting noise with his mouth. Turtle Bob would chuckle like his demented sidekick and mutter something agreeable like "Yeah, oh yeah, absolutely," rarely expressing a fully formed thought or contributing anything of substance. 

Now and then Greek Bob would make some half-hearted, half mean-spirited attempt to draw Xu Kong into these bizarre conversations, usually via some shouted question like, "Hey you, over there, what about you? Your wife let you fuck her in the kolos?" Xu Kong would say nothing. It was like working with a schoolyard bully, the questions not really meant to be answered, asked for someone else's benefit, in this case probably turtle Bob, who cackled cretinously at these outbursts. He would ignore them, shoot them a disdainful glance, look out the window, jam his hand in his pocket and play with the slide button on his harmonica. The minutes trickled away, intervals between stations telescoping, short bursts of relief while they stopped to gather the trash bags barely registering, days accumulating like tally marks on a prisoner's wall in an old cartoon, counting upwards toward the date of his obscenely early retirement.

Beyond all this, the one thing he was truly unprepared for was the depth of people's scorn for him and what he represented. It seemed there were few things a drunk New Yorker hated more than spying those telltale headlights somewhere deep in the tunnel at the end of a long night and then watching the garbage train crawl into the station and pish to a stop. But they didn't take it out on the collectors; maybe their jobs were seen as punishment enough. They took it out on the train itself, or on the poor bastard hanging his head out the window while it sat there waiting. Xu Kong saw or heard someone punch, kick, slap, or spit on his train just about every night - and many times over on the weekends. Twice he'd had to slam his window shut to fend off stumbling attackers. Twice he'd called for the police - once for a guy who wouldn't stop slamming his forehead against his window, once for a college kid who jumped into an empty trash car and kept moaning "I'm garbage, I'm fucking garbage, take me away" while his equally drunk friends pleaded with him to come out. At best, he got at least one dirty look in every station that had people in it. Multiply that be every station, by every run, and he was already pushing a thousand people who had expressed their hatred to him directly and personally. This had affected him much more deeply than he would have expected. He hadn't realized how much he craved indifference. 