As she awoke Sunday morning, the first thing Sugar was conscious of was pain. It constricted her back, needled her guts, crackled in her shoulders and fused her neck. She opened her eyes and it dilated her skull from the inside, drawing a phlegmy moan from her throat. She blinked, nudging the room into focus. 

Across from her, Rishima was hunched forward in an easy chair, alternating between quick bursts of typing on her laptop and poking at an iPhone that was plugged into it. She paused to slurp from her energy drink.

“Morning,” she said. “Sleep OK?”

Sugar grunted, joints snapping as she tried to raise herself upright, her elbows sinking into the unsprung cushion. “Dude,” she groaned, slumping against the arm of the couch and flinging her feet onto the table. “This couch is like... it feels like it’s stuffed with cat skeletons.”

Rishima froze, one hand in a crinkling sack of that Indian junk food that looked like a bunch of dried peas and weird little brown worms. “Shit. Really?” she said. “I’m sorry. Maybe we can, uh...”

“Whatever, don’t worry about it,” Sugar said, flapping one hand around dismissively while the other massaged her eye socket. “I’m just, like... you know. Hung over.”

“Oh. Can I get you a mug of warm brine?”

“Go fist yourself.”

Rishima grinned, turning back to her work. 

“What time is it?” Sugar said. 

“Like ten-thirty.”

“Mmff.” Sugar stretched, arching her back as she rolled her shoulders and pushed her hands toward the ceiling. “Fuuuuuuck.” She stood, her blanket slumping to the floor, and stretched some more, reaching up under her faded grey 1980 Lake Placid Olympics t-shirt to scratch her stomach, shuffling wordlessly toward the bathroom in her bare feet and boxer shorts. In the kitchen an obese, heavily bearded guy in a white t-shirt and torn jeans sat at the table. Sugar didn’t recognize him; he was absorbed in a Chuck Palahniuk paperback and didn’t look up. After peeing and splashing some water on her face, she dropped back onto the couch, watching Rishima as she worked.

“It’s Sunday morning and shit,” she said. “Dafuq?”

“Yeah, I know,” Rishima said, with a shrug.

“Who is that dude? I don’t remember him.”

“Who?” Rishima looked up, following Sugar’s gaze to the kitchen. “Oh. Uh, they’re one of the bands who played last night. Him and that other guy over there. With the big headphones, on the couch. He played a bunch of tracks from his laptop, and the other one, uh, I think he mostly just danced. You missed a hell of a show.” 

“Sounds bitchin’. They live here too?”

“No, they’re from Long Island or something. A lot of times Peter lets the bands stay, especially if they’re on tour or coming in from out of town or whatever.”

“So... how many people actually live here, then?”

“Hm. Right now, I guess seven people, full-time? Most of the AIDS Parade guys. Not Jamison, but the rest of them. Tafari. Zev. And— Zev is the, you know, The Artist — and me, so, yeah, seven. But there's always more people passing through.”

“Oh.” Sugar stood up. “Let’s go get a bagel,” she said. Then she stripped off her boxer shorts and began digging around in her satchel. 

“Um... OK,” Rishima said. 

Sugar tugged on something in her bag until a pair of acid-wash mom jeans emerged. She stood and pulled them on, then dove back in for a tightly rolled black leather jacket. “I’m ready,” she said. “Let’s roll.”

It was a cold, sunny morning outside. Bony trees heaved the asphalt-patched sidewalk,  their rotting leaves in curbside piles that spread comfortably into the street. Sugar sniffled and blinked hard without her sunglasses, following Rishima down the block.

“Where we going?”

“Down Vernon, I guess. There’s a coffee shop and there’s also like kind of a fancy deli a couple blocks further.”

“Oh, fancy deli for sure. I roll fancy as a motherfuck.” 

They turned right on Vernon Boulevard and gradually made their way toward its more built-up district, which only stretched about three blocks from the subway. 

“So... how was your night?” Rishima said. 

Sugar thought for a moment, her eyes on the sidewalk. “Had its moments, I guess.”

“Not a good show?”

“No, it was fine. Just... Carter. Took a lot out of me.”

“Right.”

“I mean, I like a challenge, but, Jesus Christ. Like, I had to sneak him into the show as my photographer. I tell the girl at the door ‘he’s my photographer,’ and he just holds up the thing like, ‘ME HAVE CAMERA.’ It was like, doing espionage with Forrest Gump. I don’t know what I’m trying to do with that fool. Is it even legal to fuck a retard in New York State?”

Rishima frowned a little, her eyes flitting toward the stroller-pushing mom in workout clothes waiting to cross the street beside them. “Peter, like, worships him for some reason,” she said.

“Huh.”

“Like the one sentence he manages to string together every three days is some kind of deep thought. A zen koan.”

There was a certain hostility creeping into Rishima’s manner; she issued all these responses while looking stiffly around, in what looked to Sugar like a forced show of nonchalance.

“You mean, because he says it really slowly, and it usually kind of doesn’t make sense?”

Rishima laughed. “Right. Because he’s always baked out of his mind.”

“Right? He’s, like, chain-smoking that shit. Powerful stuff, too. Not your typical East Coast dirt-weed.”

“Yeah, well, you can thank Peter for that too. It’s part of the Dalai Lama’s entitlement program. Just between us.”

“For real?”

“You think Carter’s sourcing that shit himself? In Queens? This is it here.” She pushed open the door to De la Reine — “Deli Quebecois,” according to the fussy lettering along the edge of the awning. They were past the 7 train station, overlooking the desolate LIRR trench where Vernon petered out.

“Oh man,” Sugar said, perusing the menu chalked up on the wall behind the counter, advertising Montreal-style bagels and breakfasts of marrow and offal. “Have you ever had ‘cretons’?”

“No, what’s that?”

Sugar pointed. “It says ‘pork spread.’ There is no fucking way I’m not eating that right now.”

“Sounds weird.”

“Whatever, trick.” She ordered coffee and a bagel with cream cheese and cretons.

“White-seed or black?” the counter boy asked.

“Um, what?”

“Your bagel.” She just stared at him, he rolled his eyes a little and caved. “Sesame or poppy?”

“Oh. Sesame.” 

Rishima asked for a poppy with cream cheese.

“I’ll get it,” Sugar said, pulling some crumpled bills from her pocket. “Do you want to find us a table?”

“OK. Thanks.” 

Sugar brought the bagels over a couple minutes later, sliced, toasted and laid on wax paper in shallow brown baskets with blunt knives and little ceramic tubs of spread. “They do it up right in Canadia,” she said. “Look at this shit.” She sat and exhaled deeply, feeling her bones sink into the thinly cushioned cafe chair, cradling her coffee as she watched Rishima slather on her cream cheese. The knife made a tasty scraping sound against the bagel’s toaster-brown edges. She dipped her own into the grayish meat spread and smeared a bit on her bagel, then took a bite. 

“Oh man,” she said. “It’s like... cinnamon lard. You gotta try this.” She held the hot, torn bagel out to Rishima. 

“Um, well, I’m a vegetarian, actually. So I probably shouldn’t. Also it looks like baby food.” 

“Whatever, I didn’t actually want to share it anyway. I was just pretending to be nice.” She set about covering the rest of the bagel half with cream cheese and the salty meat paste and took another bite, savoring the warm, honeyed crunch of the bagel, the generous layer of perfectly almost-burnt sesame seeds, the melty tang of the cream cheese and the fatty kick of the spiced pork, separately as she bit through it and then together as she chewed, chasing it with a slurp of the strong black coffee. 

“Mmf,” she said, shifting around in her chair. “I’m food-cumming.”

“Queens,” Rishima said, licking cream cheese from her lip. “Come for the vinyl siding, stay for the meat-derived condiments.” 

“So, tell me more about your beer thing,” Sugar said around a mouthful of food. “That’s what you’re working on all the time, right?”

“Well, so, the idea is just to make an easy way for bars to share what beers they have on tap, and for people to do searches and make ratings and stuff for individual brews and be able to know where they can actually find them. Because the craft beer movement has exploded so much, you know?”

“Yeah, totally. That’s awesome. How does it work?”

“Well, um, do you want to see a demo?"

"Uh, YEAH.”

Rishima smiled, sliding her iPhone out of her pocket. “I know, nobody ever says no to a demo.” She slid her finger across the lock screen and tapped out her passcode with her thumb. “It’s still a prototype. Which basically means, it kinda works and it looks like shit. But you get the idea." She handed the phone to Sugar. On the screen was a map view of their neighborhood, the pulsating blue location dot surrounded by a few red markers.

"So, these are bars?" Sugar said, tapping one. A card slid up, displaying a list of beers as well as a few fake reviews of the bar itself. 

“Yeah. If you select them you can see what they have on tap in all these places. In that menu on the bottom you can filter and search by the beer, brewery, how big the selection is, beer styles, get recommendations based on your past history, that sort of thing. That's the idea, at least. Once there’s real data.”

"Does it work? Like, if I search for something?"

"Maybe. Try, um, well, we're in Queens, so, something boring. Brooklyn Lager?"

Sugar tapped it out in the search field and watched it plot the new results. "Dude," she said, her face lighting up, “this is the tits!" Rishima was smiling demurely as she handed the phone back. "When's it gonna come out for real?"

"I don't know. There's still so much to do. Hopefully I'll have it in beta by the winter."

“That’s awesome, lady! You’re like... *making* something.”

“Thanks. But I mean, you like, make stuff too, don’t you? I mean you write. You’re creative.”

Sugar pushed the last bit of bagel past her lips, shaking her head as she chewed. “Only thing I make around here is trouble, sweetheart.” She took another swig of coffee, washing the bagel down. “And mistakes.” 

“Well, who do you write for? I don’t read a lot about music, but maybe I’ve heard of it.”

Sugar waved her hand dismissively. “I don’t want – ok, well, you know *Manhole*?”

“Yeah, of course! Wow. You write for them? Did they send you to write about that show last night?”

“No, I – well I have a couple of times. I really just work in their office a few days a week. Updating their calendars and stuff. Ugh, isn’t this so boring? I don’t want to talk about work. Let’s get out of here, are you done?”

Back out in the blue chill of the tight October sun, Sugar shoved her hands in her pockets and they walked back up Vernon toward the streets where nothing was. Sugar was thinking about *Manhole* and what she needed to write and what the hell she was doing here and Carter and Rishima and Peter and the salty pork grease that lingered in the crevices of her mouth, probing for it with her tongue. 

“Do you want to know a secret?”

Sugar looked up, disoriented. They were in front of the Buried Mill already. Rishima was chewing on her thumbnail, smiling and trying to look casual. 

“I said, do you want to know a secret?”

“Yeah, right, sorry. Definitely, I want to know a secret.”

“Do you know what Peter’s last name is?”

“Worst. Secret. Evar.”

“Shut up.” Rishima gave her a playful shove. “I’ll give you a hint, then.” She pointed. Between the second and third stories of the building’s brick façade was a strip of stone. The words “Grey Swan Pencil Co.” were carved into it in old-timey capital letters. 

“It’s Pencil, obviously. Cool story bro.” 

“It’s Grey.”

Sugar stared at the sign for a few moments. “So what are you saying then... that he owns this building or something? What is he, like, a pencil mogul? I mean I figured he was  some kind of Wall Street, hedge-fund douchebag or something.”

“He’s a billionaire.”

“Billio-what?”

“It’s true. He doesn’t tell people, but it is.”

“But he told you?”

“He didn’t tell me. He doesn’t know I know.”

Sugar arched her eyebrows.

“He always says the donations from the shows and, you know, all these stupid little ventures we do pay for everything. Like we’re some kind of underground economy or something. But I mean, come on. There’s just too much money being spent.”

Sugar looked up at the crumbling factory building. “On what?”

“Well, you know we don’t pay rent or anything, right? The people that live here, the people who pass through.”

“OK.”

“Rent, food, basically everything we need. All the audio gear, my setup, Zev’s crazy art shit... all free. Part of Peter’s investment, or patronage, or whatever you want to call it.”

“And Carter’s lifetime supply of chronic?”

“Uh-huh. And not just that. Tafari gets his fancy coffee direct from some place in Brooklyn where they roast it. They deliver it in these like, huge bags. Greg has a collection of antique bicycles he keeps on the second floor. I get all those vintage pinball machines and shit to take apart. Everyone gets a little secret something extra to make them feel like they’re special. Because they all think they’re the only one.”

“Damn. Well that’s the last time I pay for your breakfast.”

Two men were approaching, walking along the sidewalk on their side of the street. Rishima stepped in closer and lowered her voice. Her fermented-coriander scent filled Sugar’s lungs. “So, they were a big manufacturing company back in the day, right? Pencils, staplers, random office shit like that. So they owned real estate all over the city. Factories, warehouses. Basically in every neighborhood that’s boomed in the past forty years. So, yeah. Rolling in it.”

“Wow. So, old Uncle Mortimer gave him a spare building to play Sim-Hipster with?”

“Pretty much.”

The men passed by. They were older, Hispanic or Filipino or something, heading up towards Vernon. 

“How do you know all this?”

“Because I pay attention to something other than myself every now and then. Bitches gotta keep score in this business.”

Sugar threw an arm over Rishima’s shoulders. “Let’s be biffles,” she said, leading her toward the door. “I don’t ever want you digging in my shit.” 