Carter borrowed a camera from Bullshit Anderson and they caught the G at 21st Street. Carter seemed to be making an effort to be -- not more talkative, because he wasn't actually saying anything, but more... something. More open to the idea of talking, or at least being talked to. He did a lot of looking around and kind-of-smiling and fidgeting: bouncing his foot, cracking his fingers, popping his phone case on and off, and the like. Sugar didn't say anything, but he noticed her noticing. 

"Sorry," he said. "Idle hands."

This was all way too boring to merit a response, so she didn't say anything. But then he spoke without being spoken to for a record second time. 

"Sometimes, you know," he began, hesitating, not really looking at her, "I just feel kind of bizarre without a guitar in my hands. Like I'm not my real self. I get antsy."

It was, by a significant margin, the most he'd spoken so far. And the first time he'd acknowledged experiencing any sort of feeling. Was she cracking him open?

"I know what you mean," she said. "Like, you're kinda faking it the rest of the time."

"Yeah." He stared down at his hands, breathing deliberately, like he had something more to say. She watched him expectantly, trying to seem encouraging should he happen to look up. "More than that, though," he continued eventually. "Not just faking it but betraying. Doing something wrong."

"Right." Jesus, he went right for the heavy shit. “Sometimes, you know, when I'm at a show I get this kind of feeling... when there’s one of those moments where the performance becomes completely perfect, like so amazing that you feel embarrassed for even being there when you’re such a piece of shit, and I just think, how do I even pretend to care about anything else? Like what the fuck am I even doing when I’m not doing this?”  

He continued to look at the floor. "No, it's not really like that," he said -- not cruelly, but still. 

"Oh, ok," she said. "Don't mind me, I'll just be over here pouring my fucking heart out."

He looked up finally, understanding but not quite apologetic. "I didn't mean it like that. I know what you're talking about also. It's just that it's different when you're actually creating something."

"Which you presume I know nothing about."

“Oh, do you play an instrument or something?"

"Whatever." He was getting her agitated, which she hadn't expected. She stood up; they were in the sideways seats, and she was closest to the window, blocked in. “Get the fuck up, Eraserhead," she said. "This is our stop."

The train lurched to a stop and Sugar led the way up and out of the station, walking briskly with stiff-legged irritation. The Cooper was a few blocks away, buried in another industrial dump zone not so dissimilar from the one they'd just left. At the entrance table a very young and fairly hapless-looking girl, heavily pierced and made-up, was working the will-call list. 

"Hi, I'm with *Manhole?* We should be on the media list."

The girl flipped through some papers on a clipboard. "*Manhole,* OK," she said. "Name?"

"Margaret Yang." Sugar motioned to Carter. "This is my photographer." The girl looked at him, and Sugar turned to look at him too. He didn't do anything for a few seconds, then grabbed the camera hanging around his neck and lifted it slightly. There was more silence, and an evil eye from Sugar.

"Uhhhh... can I have your name?" the ticket girl said. 

"Carter. Genette."

"Uh, I don't see you here."

"Nothing under *Manhole*?" Sugar said. 

"There's only one name."

"OK, well, that's me, and he's my photographer. It's really not that complicated."

"I'm sorry, but I can't let anyone in who's not on the list."

"I understand. But it's obviously a very simple mistake. I mean, what level of professionalism do you really expect from a magazine that's called *Manhole*?"

"Well, but I still can't--"

"Look. I'm with the media. As in, like, publicity. Don't you want publicity?"

"I'm really sorry, but if he's not on the list I'm not allowed to--"

"Oh, give me a fucking break. Don't you want my article to have pictures? Pretty pictures?" She started raising her voice, talking not just to the girl at the table but pretty much everyone within earshot. "Or would you rather I just write about how the 15-year-old cum-buckets who work the door at The Cooper don't know the first thing about customer service, professionalism, common sense or --"

"OK, OK, Jesus, just fucking go in," the girl said, holding out two media passes. "Let me just write down his name."

"Carter Genette. G,E,N-—“

“Fuck that, Scoop. She’s wasted enough of our time already." She dragged him through the inner doors, slapping her wrist against the hand-stamp guy's outstretched implement before he even had a chance to say anything. 

"Jesus Christ," she said once they were safely among the crowd. "Haven't you ever snuck into anything before? You have to act like you know what you're doing, not like you're fucking Chance the Gardener."

"But I don't know what I'm doing."

"Yeah, that's why you have to *act,* dickshit. There's the photo pit, why don't you go try acting like you belong there."

"I have no idea how to use this thing," he said. 

“So what? Nobody wants to see your fucking pictures anyway. Go."

Truth was, she really just wanted him out of her hair for a while. She wasn't used to having to babysit an accomplice during these kinds of escapades. Maybe it was a mistake to invite him. What was his deal, anyway? He seemed to lack even the first clue about how to interact with other people. This must have been what Peter was talking about. 

The opening act started wandering onstage and she headed for the bar, digging in the satchel for some cash, too impatient to make someone buy her a drink. 

"Just gimme the cheapest beer you have," she told the bartender, climbing up onto a low-backed stool. She pulled out her phone, lurking around Twitter and Tumblr while she guzzled her $5 Bud Light. Saturday night, nothing but boring crap. She looked up at the sweaty, harried slab of meat tending bar, judging him to be about ten years older than her and not exactly the target audience for the twee, rootsy band that had begun playing. She decided to exacerbate his unhappiness. 

"What'd you do, piss in this?" she shouted at him. "Tastes better'n usual."

He didn't take the bait, brushing her off with a fleeting *whaddaya-want-me-to-do-about-it-kid* look. 

"Here's an extra two bucks," she said, tossing the bills onto the damp bar as she slid off the stool. "I recommend you start on a multivitamin." 

A few chairs and other seats were scattered here and there but none were open, so after a brief search Sugar simply sank to the floor, pushing up her knees and wedging herself against the wall, bag between her feet and beer dripping on her shirt. People here were talking, only half paying attention to the band, their conversations filtering in with the music. There was something bubbling up inside her, something that made her want to squeeze the thick pintglass in her hand so tight it exploded, or to lie on her back and let people step on her all night. The people around her, their inane yammering, the comfortably banal conversations she was excluded from, her invisibility on the floor, a pile of brightly colored fabric, a black, tarry mass growing with malevolent suction in her gut. She squeezed her eyes shut. 

*This is trouble,* she told herself in the calmest, clearest voice she could summon to stand amid the swirling terrors of the gathering storm. She started timing her breaths, four-in two-hold six-out, disappearing inside the rhythm, trying to push everything else out to the periphery of her awareness. The next time she opened her eyes, the band was leaving the stage to polite, relieved applause. The house lights rose. What beer remained in her glass was skinwarmed and still. Blood felt like cold air in her veins. She watched the crowd loosen and flow around her. Her left foot was asleep. It felt brittle, hollow. She didn't move it. 

Then Carter was there, walking toward her, standing in front of her, lowering himself to the floor beside her, his long legs rising as high as her eyes as he folded them in. He held the camera in his hands, staring at it. 

"That was weird," he said finally.

Her head turned to him, slowly at first, then accelerating as if pulled by gravity. She watched him. He wasn't looking at her, but eventually his eyes darted over. 

"I'm sorry," she said. 

He shrugged. His hand reached inside his jacket, pulled out a one-hit vaporizer, a tube about the size of a stubby ball-point pen. He held it out to her, an offering. She took it. 

"Just one," she said. "How does it work?"

"Click the button. Inhale when the light goes off."

She did as instructed, handed it back. He did the same, returned it to his pocket. 

"Can I see?" she said, pointing to the camera. He slipped the strap over his head, handed it over. She switched it on in review mode and the large LCD screen on the back lit up, shockingly bright and crisp. He had taken a lot of photos, nearly two hundred. She was looking at the last one, a medium shot of the frontman singing and strumming his guitar. It was serviceable, sharp but a little dark, imprecisely composed, the guitar bleeding off the right and bottom edges, not quite all in the frame.

She started looking through them, turning the dial backward one click at a time. More of the singer, similar shots. Right around the fifth photo, which was of the mandolin player, the weed hit, and everything got just a little bit closer and fuzzier, like a cinematographer had racked focus on her corneas. She continued scrolling through the photos, laughing as they became increasingly dark, smeary and haphazard, the musicians moving unsteadily to the margins.

“This is like watching a photographer lose his mind," she said. 

He let out a sharp exhalation through his nose that was as close as he'd come to a laugh.

"I don't want to take any more," he said. 

“Who cares.” She handed the camera back to him, and he stowed it in the bag he'd borrowed along with it. Her anxiety and lethargy was starting to dissipate. She shifted her weight slightly to restore the blood flow to her left leg.

"They weren't really that good. The band, I mean."

"I wasn't really paying attention."

"They were just so obvious. Precious. Like they lived in a shoe."

Sugar started chuckling, her shoulders rolling. Carter smiled.

They sat there, content with saying nothing else, as the lights went down again and the house music faded, watching the crowd congeal again at the foot of the stage. They could just see the heads of band members emerging from the wings from their vantage point, feeling the charge of static electricity that jumped from body to body on a crowd when a band with real stage presence replaced a lackluster opener. The music began without preamble, woozy synths and spacey guitar tones and an insistent, vaguely tribal rhythm. A female band member started chanting "everything is possible," looping it, and chanting it again in a round over the loop. Then the frontman stepped up to his mic, blond-wood guitar chugging like a handcar, voice high and clear but blanketed in reverb. 

*tunnelvision

strange decision

you know now what you needed the most

it’s better done than better said

no more chasing all their words

the useless people in the street

you won’t accept that anything is possible

you won’t accept your own defeat*

They sat in silence during the show, wordlessly sharing the one-hitter from time to time. The music was soothing, healthful, buried vocals and trancelike song structures and harmonies like patches of sunlight glimpsed through fog. When the lights rose after the encore, Sugar finally stood. 

"Let's fucking go somewhere," she said. Serenity was great and all, but enough already. She led him up Third Avenue, toward Driftless Area. "I love this place," she told him as they approached, "have you ever been? It's a Midwestern-themed dive bar. It's the worst.”

Inside, bartenders in trucker hats and handlebar mustaches dished out splashes of whiskey, cheap cans of beer and starchy fried snacks. Every vertical surface in the place was jammed with junky heartland Americana and cornstalk kitsch. It was crowded and they made their way toward the back, looking for somewhere to huddle out of the traffic lanes. 

"Get me a bourbon, neat," she instructed Carter once a spot was secured. 

He returned from the bar several minutes later with two. "I don't think I understand what you like about this place," he said. 

"Are you kidding me?" she shouted, downing a swig of whiskey. “It’s like an Applebee’s for hipsters! It’s a drinkable dialectic!”

"I didn't realize trucker hats were back already," he said.

"They're not! How amazing is that? It's like, triple ironic!" 

They drank, listened to the bar's Omaha-heavy soundtrack, idly shared a few opinions about the show they had seen. Carter was impressed by the textures they had been able to achieve on stage with looping; Sugar disclosed the fact that during the performance she had been focused mostly on the band members’ receding hairlines, since all she could see was the upper two-thirds of their heads, and thinking about aging, the decay of her body, and death. 

"I don't mean that in a bad way," she said. "I never really have time to think. I'm always too busy wondering what's gonna happen next, you know? At a show I know what's gonna happen next. They're gonna play another song, everyone's gonna watch them play, and maybe we'll dance or just try and look cool or whatever, but we all know that's what we're gonna do. So I feel like I'm just free to kind of, I dunno, be by myself, I guess, even though that doesn't really make sense."

They finished their whiskeys; she ordered a second, he didn't. Some space opened at the bar, and she slid into it. 

"You don't really seem like a person who's worrying all the time," Carter said, re-entering the dormant conversation in that way she was quickly recognizing as his trademark. He was unconcerned to the point of possible actual ignorance with the rhythms of normal human interaction.

“Nobody wants to seem like the person they really are.” She sipped her bourbon. “Right?”

He didn’t say anything, just made his being-thoughtful face, which could also have been his I-actually-died-five-minutes-ago-and-nobody-has-noticed-yet face.

“You think too much,” she said. “It’s boring the shit out of me.” Without warning or preamble, and with shocking nimbleness, Sugar leapt off her stool and up onto the bar. She was a vision calibrated to distract, a living, breathing, shouting four-color separation. “Attention! Attention, motherfuckers!” she cried, bellowing to be heard. People started turning to look at her. “I need a volunteer! One person, who has a keyboard, to go get it and bring it to me, at which point something amazing will happen." A few people looked around hesitantly. “Oh, I’m sorry, I guess none of you scrawny cunts are in a band."

“I’ll do it!” a voice called from the crowd. Sugar looked in the direction of the raised hand, which belonged to a burly, deathly pale guy with shoulder-length blond hair and a scraggly beard, wearing a white Members Only jacket. “Back in ten minutes!” He started squeezing toward the door.

“OK! That guy wins at Brooklyn. Fifteen-minute intermission.” She climbed down off the bar. Carter seemed amused, though as usual it was hard to tell. The bartender, on the other hand, was scowling. She looked down at the bar and saw the bootmarks of city-grime she'd left behind. *I am not being kind to bartenders tonight,* she thought. 

"I'm sorry, can I help you clean that up?" she said to him. He was already swabbing it with one of his wet bar towels. 

“Keep yer feet on the goddamn floor or yer outta here,” he said.  

“Promise.” She looked over at Carter, who seemed like he wanted to say something. “What?”

“What are you going to do?”

“I dunno. Be amazing, I guess.”

“Do you play?”

“All Asian bitches play piano.” She bolted the rest of her drink and shivered as it went down. “Buy me another whiskey, and give that poor bastard a good tip.” He didn’t move. “Please.”

He did as instructed, with Ent-like speed. She cracked and wiggled her fingers, trying to jog their muscle memory. The last time she could remember playing was before she’d come to New York. Soon the door burst open as the guy in the white jacket returned with his keyboard, crowing "I'm back!" He stood there for a few seconds as though he expected the masses to part before him or hoist him onto their adoring shoulders. When it became clear to him that neither of these was going to happen, he started pushing his way through the mostly indifferent crowd to the rear of the bar where Sugar and Carter were. "Now what?" he said, sweaty and huffing. 

“Now I blow a hot load of awesome in your face. Come on, dude, open it up and shit.”

“Right!” The guy started unpacking the instrument and setting it up for her. She drank more whiskey and watched, screwing up her face, thinking. All the commotion was starting to attract an audience again. She set her glass down on the bar. “Just gimme like two minutes?” she said to the bartender, splaying her fingers in a V. “You’re the best.” She stepped up to the keys. “Are we good?” she asked the guy.

“Go for it,” he said.

She cranked up the volume and as the bartender lowered the music she did the thing where you run your hand from one end of the keyboard to the other, she couldn’t remember what it was called. “Oh, that was pretty loud,” she said, half to herself, as the room got weirdly silent. She looked up. All eyes were on her. 

“All right Cleveland, are you ready to RAWK?”

A few fucking douches cried out “Yeah,” because there’s always a few. 

“Well you better be ready, because a penis of musical transcendence is about to enter the cavernous vagina of your soul.”

She took a deep breath and, just as she had at her second-grade piano recital, plunked out a halting rendition of *Für Elise* at about two-thirds its proper tempo. Then she silently hung her head and raised a fist in the air. It took the crowd a few seconds to reach a tacit agreement that, since it had been waiting for something awesome, this must be an awesome thing because it was the thing it had waited for. Then it erupted into raucous applause and whistles, congratulating itself for its role in helping this awesomeness come about. Sugar opened her eyes, beaming, and took a bow. She nodded at the bartender and said “Thank you.” She looked at Carter and shrugged. Then she turned back to the guy who had fetched the keyboard for her, who was standing expectantly by her side, practically panting with delight.

“Dude, you’re my fucking hero,” she said, and pointed to Carter. “My fiancé would like to buy you a drink.”