After dropping the train at the Corona Yard, Xu Kong and Tibbetts checked in with the shop super.

“The throttle was unresponsive,” Xu Kong said, glancing over at a sullen-looking Tibbetts while the super took notes. “We were exceeding the recommended speed, I directed the TO to reduce speed and he was unable to do so.”

“That right?”

“Yes,” Tibbetts said, looking down at the ground. Xu Kong gave the super a knowing look, and the guy grinned gruffly. 

“Don’t worry, kid,” he said. “We all started out of schoolcar some time or another. You’ll be fine.”

Tibbetts muttered something under his breath and walked away without looking at either of them. 

“Jesus,” the super said. “Whose nephew is he?”

“You are better off not knowing,” Xu Kong said.

They rolled out of the yard in a new train and rejoined the normal flow of traffic. Tibbetts, though still pouting mightily, seemed to have learned his lesson and began to drive the train almost as though it was something he had been trained to do. After a full round-trip passed without incident, Xu Kong relaxed enough to pull the harmonica out of his pocket and cradle it in his palm. The night was cold and dead, he thought, and he had been deprived of this all week. Tibbetts had been put in his place. The part of the job that still required a human being seemed to be over. Fuck it. 

He played Brahms’ “Hungarian Dance,” “Anitra’s Dance” from Grieg’s “Peer Gynt” suite, Bach’s “Gavotte.” Unmolested by either passengers or Tibbetts’ caviling, he began to feel like himself for the first time in days. He hoped he had finally broken this horse instead of just teaching it to crave revenge. But soon even these thoughts were crowded out by the notes, resolving themselves out of the darkness and clatter of nighttime on the rails, and he threw himself unreservedly into each two-minute snippet of pleasure, his hands moving faster and more deftly, his improvisations becoming more dense and daring. 

He finished a passage of Smetana’s “Dance of the Comedians” with an especially zealous flourish as they pulled into Fifth Avenue-Bryant Park on the northbound track. But when he slipped his window open, poking his head out and reaching up to point at the position marker, he became disoriented. The marker was nowhere in sight. 

He looked back and forth and saw that they had pulled barely two-thirds of the way into the station. At least three of the rear cars had not even made the platform. The loose scattering of passengers waiting in the station were gazing at the train with that dead-eyed stare they took on in the wee hours — if anything, looking even more shell-shocked and desperate than usual, probably because their hopes of leaving this godforsaken platform had just been dashed by the so hai in the driver’s seat, who was apparently incapable of keeping his shit together even until the end of their shift. There was no way the kid was getting through this week with his job intact. Phil, Jerry Tibbetts and the Queen of Denmark were just going to have to face facts. 

“TO, what is the problem?” he said into the intercom. There was no response. Back to this, then. “TO, do you copy? TO? What the fuck, TO?”

The speaker crackled and he heard some unintelligible muttering, then it clicked off again. 

“Say that again, TO?”

“[Crackle hiss] a guy.”

“One more time? Did not copy.”

There was a pause, and then Tibbetts spoke. Slowly, deliberately, sounding annoyed but with an unfamiliar waver in his voice.

“I think I hit a guy,” he said.

Xu Kong closed his eyes and his right hand instinctively dipped into his pocket and closed around the harmonica. He felt the future draining out of him, his body emptying like the bottle on top of a water cooler, with increasing turbulence. No words came to his lips. He leaned out the window again, and the looks of foggy-minded shock on everyone’s faces took on a more sinister cast. They were all looking in the same direction, towards the front of the train. He followed their eyes and saw that someone up there was leaning against the train. It looked like a young woman. It was hard to tell — the person was small and appeared to be heavily tattooed, but the short hair had a wide pink streak in it. She was pitched forward, a single hand pressing against the side of the train car, seemingly holding her up. Nobody was moving. 

Xu Kong retracted his head. He could feel a sheen of cold sweat on his right hand where it made contact with the metal coverplates of the harmonica in his pocket. His entire body felt cold, in fact, except for the roaring furnace of blood that surrounded his heart.

He keyed the intercom.

“Copy that,” he said. 