The following morning it rained, one of those awful, sticky New York rains where the water raised a toxic film from every surface it touched. The farthest Sugar was willing to walk for wifi was the nearest Starbucks, which was disturbingly well-lit and crammed with the unfamiliar sight of people in a hurry to get to work. She sat at a slick little table with her laptop and her latte, watching people, browsing some music blogs and organizing her thoughts. The feeling she had now was similar to what she’d had the night before at Joshua Tree, and with the benefit of sobriety she thought she could place it: out of place and yet somehow inconspicuous, reduced to a representative of her alien tribe from across the East River or Houston Street and thus easily understood and more or less ignored. Kind of like how most people correctly guessed that she was Chinese because they just assumed all Asian people were Chinese, and the ones who thought they knew better would be the ones to overthink it and proudly announce that they could tell she was Korean or Vietnamese or — her favorite — Uyghur. It wasn’t just that different kinds of people lived here; it was like there was a mutual invisibility pact between this place and the outer-borough enclaves she’d come from. The bare fact of one’s day-to-day existence would hardly even occur to the other. She would be safe here.

So, no point in fucking around. She carpetbombed the furnished-room and sublet listings on Craigslist and by that night was handing over a wad of weathered bills to a girl named Kelsey and slipping her body between the cool pink sheets of a rented bed to sleep like a motherfucker. 

Kelsey, a tall, athletic blonde about her age who answered the door in a ponytail, jeans, flip-flops and a pink Syracuse sweatshirt, told Sugar she was subletting the second bedroom in her apartment because her roommate was on some kind of extended missionary trip in the South American jungle. That was way more strange than anything Sugar could have cooked up, so she decided to just tell the truth, more or less. 

"I had a housing situation that kind of fell through on short notice," she said. "I think it was an illegal loft building or something."

"Oh God," Kelsey said sympathetically, the disgust on her face suggesting she was mentally Photoshopping Sugar into a Jacob Riis tenement photo or something, even though the description she had just given would probably fit half the places she'd lived in. 

"Yeah, I know. So I'm fine with it being temporary. I'm still kind of figuring out what I want to do and stuff. I just don't want to be homeless in the meantime."

Kelsey didn't seem that concerned with her, to tell the truth. She mostly just sounded like she wanted to get the roommate search over with as soon as possible, and was relieved rather than weirded out when Sugar said she'd pay cash if she could move in immediately.

"Meaning, like, tonight. As in, right now. I mean, I'm here. I have my stuff with me."

"Yeah, whatever."

"Bitchin'." Sugar put her bag down on the floor, next to the bed. "All right then. I can pay you tomorrow then?" Best not to advertise the large quantity of cash she carried on her person, even though Kelsey didn't really strike her as a theft risk.

"I guess. You don't have any, like, other stuff? Like clothes or boxes or whatever? There's these guys down the hall who can help you carry it and stuff."

"No, this is it. I travel light. I've been moving around a lot."

"OK." With that, the transaction was evidently complete, and Kelsey turned and walked away, leaving Sugar alone in the room. 

Sugar would meet the guys down the hall anyway the following evening, when the two of them came wandering into the apartment bellowing Kelsey's name. Her new roomie evidently wasn't big on locking the door. Sugar was sitting in a chunky living room chair with her laptop on her knees, blasting music from its muddy speakers, when the door swung open in front of her. She had just gotten a message from Rishima, who had posted to the Ask form on her Tumblr, and was staring at it, trying to decide what to do.

Kelsey was in the kitchen and poked her head around the corner. "I'm making nachos," she said. 

"Awwwww shit," one of them said, making a beeline toward her. “That’s my bitch.” The task of closing the door and acknowledging that there was another person sitting right in front of them was left to the second guy. “Um, hey,” he said. “I’m Jordan.”

“Sugar.” She raised a limp hand in greeting.

“Are you Kelsey’s new roommate?”

“Moved in yesterday.” Sugar gestured toward her new room without looking away from the computer. Rishima's note was short and seemingly heartfelt. "Didn't know how else to reach you. Heard all the insane news. Hope you're OK. Need anything? Want a visitor? rishi.dhatt[at]gmail." Messages like this were the reason she never gave out her contact info. Now wasn't the time to start developing a soft spot.

“Whatcha listening to?”

She glared at him over the tops of her glasses. “Death Grips,” she said. The sound was like underwater homeless hip-hop, the MC bellowing with angry indifference, “New style cut your brain stem as my combat boots grind your head to the cadence of this death-stompin’ mu, sick as fuck contagion waging war with all you knew, bitch!”

“Oh, yeah, cool,” he said. He did not think it was cool, nor did he even have any idea what the fuck she just said. Dude, is this in any way a mixed signal? she thought, rolling her eyes. Feel free to fucking leave.

“So, are you gonna watch the game with us?”

Sugar didn’t really know what to say — a simple “no” was nowhere near sufficient — so she just stared at him until he said “Yeah, I guess not, right?” and left the room. God, they weren’t going to watch the game here, were they? The large flat-screen TV in the corner loomed ominously, an empty space just begging to be filled by a field of fake-looking grass with a bunch of lines and shit painted onto it. This wasn’t something she’d bargained for. Son of a fuck. She had already started bookmarking more Craigslist apartment postings before the trio marched out the door, Kelsey with an armload of snack foods and Jordan on door duty once again. None of them so much as looked at her on their way out, but after the door closed she heard Jordan ask, “Do you need to lock this?” and Kelsey said, “No, it’s fine.” Well, false alarm on the whole sports thing at least. 

Much more pressing than the specter of future sporting events was the fact that paying Kelsey a month’s rent had cleaned her out. Soon she’d be dipping into her escape fund unless she found a source of income to replace the lost cancer money. She poked around on Craigslist but had trouble finding anything that met her standards (not boring, not creepy, not prostitution, paid in cash). She was already cutting costs by staying out of the bars — not exactly a great sacrifice, since just looking in the windows as she walked by them made her want to vomit out of her cunt — and buying some groceries. 

In fact, she was barely leaving the apartment at all except to go to Manhole (because Scott apparently didn’t care about that day she vanished after her coffee break, if he had even noticed) or loiter on the sidewalk with a cigarette. This building was as much of a 20-something fantasy castle as any Bushwick loft — practically the only person she saw over the age of 30 entering the place was the doorman — and she liked to go out there at home-from-work time, standing between a pair of windows that belonged to the dentist’s office on the first floor and pressing her shoulders into the glazed white brick, and watch the surreal life-in-the-Matrix parade of gleeful corporate servitude that powered the city’s douchebag economy. She started amusing herself by taking an informal census of the building for her Tumblr, snapping surreptitious iPhone photos of her favorite neighbors and assigning them jobs (Pfizer viral marketing consultant, SAT prep blogger, CTO of 99¢ Fresh Pizza) and date-rape power rankings. She felt like a field researcher studying monkey society. Did any of the chimps even suspect that the smoking girl in the nerd glasses, cowboy boots, magenta leggings and flannel shirt was living among them the whole time? All this passed the time well enough, but it wasn’t helping the money situation. She wasn’t quite desperate, but she was definitely worried. 

One night she left the Manhole office and walked down Bedford Avenue to the Southside, burning nervously through three cigarettes on the way, turning right on Clymer to visit the storage unit she rented down by the Brooklyn Navy Yard and pick up some cash and restock her satchel with warmer clothing. The unit was sort of like her own personal thrift shop, the wildly impractical Bat-cave that supported her secret identity, packed with plastic bins full of clothing and accessories for all seasons, a safe for her money and other assorted valuables, and various knick-knacks and personal belongings she’d accumulated or had shipped from out West. She was shuffling bins around, looking for the one she kept her jackets and coats in, when she spied the old black case stuffed up against the wall behind a chair and a big painting on canvas that a friend had given her long ago. 

Her old Casio electric piano, accomplice in a vague and ultimately aborted plan to be a badass Asian Regina Spektor or at least the badass keyboard player in some badass Seattle band. God, she’d forgotten it was there; she hadn’t even opened that thing in years. She dug it out, cleared a spot on the floor to lay it down, and popped the latches, feeling a dumb twinge of nostalgia. The chip on the corner of the low G. A ragged corner of the big pink “I EAT PUSSY” sticker peeking around from the back. The matte black body against the shine on the keys. Even in the dim, dusty light of the storage unit, it stirred a physical desire within her. She reached out, ran her fingers along the keys, played a few pantomime chords whose only sound was the gentle creaking of the stiff plastic and the velvety thuds of the keys hitting their stops. Already her imagination was in a place where they were not silent at all, but exhilaratingly loud, carried on the hot wind of an arriving subway train, landing in the bucket of bills and coins that lay at her feet. 