Sugar ran down the stairs, heaved open the sagging metal door, stepped out onto the crumbling sidewalk and froze. Her plan ended here.

She looked left and right and put the sun at her back, walking fast and stiffly toward the river, crossing the long shadows of the towers looming blandly over its bank as she turned south along the waterfront. The pavement jutted out into the water around the Pepsi-Cola sign and sprouted a series of curvy fake-wood lounge chairs. The sinuous curves called to her, and she chose the one with the least bird shit and dropped herself onto it. Her feet faced the water, where a chilly wind sliced off the river’s surface and crept under her dress and up her thighs. The lounge was awkward and lumpy, designed without apparent regard for the human spine. It was horribly uncomfortable. It was exactly what she wanted. She fell asleep, arm threaded protectively, instinctively, through the straps of her satchel.

Her phone woke her a few hours later with a reminder that she was supposed to work a few hours at Manhole that day. Her neck was sore, her leg asleep, her head aching from the hangover and the craziness and the cold. She sat up, rubbing her various parts, and then stood. She hobbled up to the railing on her sleeping leg and stared out at the river and the Midtown skyline, tattoos dark and crisp in the harsh late-morning light, glasses throwing off the sun’s glare, feeling like a pensive Instagram, seeing herself in desaturated tints of red and brown and yellow, thinking she ought to be holding a half-smoked cigarette or an aloof terrier or a vintage Leica. Instead she wiped the snot from her nose with the back of her wrist and smeared it on her dress next to last night’s dried puke. 

She went to Williamsburg without changing her clothes or anything, part of her not caring and part of her knowing it was pretty badass to walk around looking as disgusting as she did. Even as her thoughts drifted and her eyelids sagged while she went through the rote motions of cut-and-pasting her calendar listings, she couldn’t suppress a little smile when Scott popped by her desk to say, “Dude, what’s all over your dress?” and she shot back, “Barf. And how was your Wednesday night?”

It wasn’t long before she needed a coffee break. This work had a narcotic effect even on a good day, and she couldn’t remember the last time she’d felt this tired. She went around the corner to Black Gold, which peddled an impeccably Brooklyn combination of expensive coffee, used records and random antiques. She approached the counter as a regular, and the hermit-bearded barista looked up. “Hi, what can I getcha today?” he said with a vacant smile. 

Sugar was thrown by his unfazed affect and stood with her jaw hanging loosely for a few seconds. This was a food service establishment, and she was fucking revolting right now. Nothing? Not even a funny look? Was he so used to serving disheveled, vomit-encrusted women that it wasn’t even worth his energy to raise an eyebrow at one? How fucking far up Williamsburg’s collective asshole had she come?

“Hey, take your time,” the barista said. “Something nice and warm? It’s chilly out there, yeah?”

She decided on the spot that she was never coming back to this fucking place again and figured she should go all-out. She ordered a pour-over and settled down to watch the show, smirking as she remembered Tafari’s fussy little pouring ritual on her first morning at the Silent Mill. The barista, fitting the part perfectly, was as utterly immersed in the coffee-making process as he had been oblivious to her appearance a few moments earlier, but instead of enjoying the admittedly smug private laugh she anticipated, Sugar found it infuriating. It was a cup of coffee, not a fucking soufflé, not a fucking Faberge egg, not a fucking Mars Rover mission, and the fact that she looked and smelled like (and technically was) a homeless person and that her mere presence in this store would probably cost it a full letter grade if a health inspector happened to walk in didn’t bother this cunt monkey in the least. Why? Why was he trying so hard? Why was everyone in this goddamn place trying so hard? What the fuck difference did it make? The stifling air came up on her all at once like her throat was closing from an allergy attack, and she had to get away. The neighborhood, maybe the whole goddamn city. A squirming, jockeying mass of labor expended for no one’s benefit. 

The barista slid her coffee onto the counter. 

Sugar peered into her wallet and because she was pretty sure she could get away with it she said, “Shit. I think I’m a dollar short. OK if I owe you next time?”

“No problem,” he said, accepting the three wrinkled bills. “You have a good one now.”

She pushed open the door and instead of going back around the corner to the office she went down to the L and got on a train to Manhattan. 

She got off at 14th Street and went upstairs to transfer. A crowd had gathered in the mezzanine around the spot typically occupied by break-dancing kids, Andean pan-pipers, Japanese guitar heroes and various other subway performers. It was a bigger, more reverent crowd than usual and the performer was playing classical piano, not terribly well. As she approached she could see that the reason people actually gave a shit was that the pianist was a scrawny little Korean boy who couldn’t have been older than 9 or 10, accompanied by what she presumed was his father, an older man in a gray t-shirt and grubby cargo pants keeping time with a severe look on his face. The kid played haltingly but competently, certainly no prodigy, visibly flinching when he made a mistake and his father marked a few beats with deliberate violence. These assholes, of course, were eating it up. When he finished the piece the pair flashed their identical snaggletoothed smiles and took a gracious bow to a round of applause and a shower of coins and bills dropped into their bucket. Sugar forked over the dollar she had withheld from Black Gold, thinking, Quit trying so hard, kid.

Sugar had her sights set on the only place in New York she could think of where there was nobody trying hard to do much of anything, except maybe to win at beer pong. She got on the uptown 6 and took it to 33rd Street, then walked from Park over to Third. In a single block she saw a diner, a place that served "real Philly cheese steaks," a 99¢ Fresh Pizza, a frozen yogurt joint, a Subway and four bars. She chose the one that looked the busiest and went in. 

It was like a bizarro Bushwick: nobody over the age of 35, but they all looked like they'd been working in offices all day rather than metalworking studios and gluten-free donut shops: girls dressed conservatively, clutching their vodka-and-Red-Bulls and margaritas the color of poorly winterized swimming pools; indifferently-haircut guys with their meaty necks stuffed into work shirts and ties, some popping their colors - was that still a thing? - to signal that they were truly DTP. She felt the disorientation of a kid sitting at the wrong lunch table on the first day of high school, confronted with the lives of people who’d never entered her conscious thoughts before. A burly West Indian guy asked for her ID at the door. 

This must be Murray Hill, she thought. 

She made her way to the bar and claimed a stool, clutching the rail with a kind of seasick feeling as she tried to regain her balance. The room smelled like cologne and french fries. The sound system was blaring top 40 pop and there were TVs everywhere, half playing music videos for other top 40 pop songs on mute and half playing sports highlights. 

The bartender shoved a laminated sheet in her face. “Happy hour menu?” he barked. She took it. What was today, Thursday? Bud Light draughts — draughts! Why not a cask? — and $2 sliders. All right then. And right at the top of the sheet was the name of the place, which she hadn’t bothered to notice on her way in: Joshua Tree. 

Joshua. Tree. If there was still any question about the severity of the cultural juice-cleanse Sugar would experience if she remained in this place, well, starting off with happy hour in a bar named for a U2 album was a pretty fucking definitive answer. So she ordered a Bud Light, drank half of it in a single gulp, and waited for some dickhead to buy her another one. 

Eventually she left with a short, compact, buzz-cut white boy who approached her with the insouciance of someone acting on a dare. The vibe she got from him was not just excitement or horniness but those things mixed with a touch of gratitude. Fine. Maybe this counted as a good deed, especially since, sitting on her bar stool and looking down at his fuzzy fava-bean-shaped head, she had decided it was time to retire her whole cancer schtick. It was all just so exhausting, and she loathed these people way too much to expend that kind of energy on them. She slept deeply and easily that night, allowing herself to be spooned. 