Given that he seemed to be working most days, paid no rent and had few apparent expenses other than guitars and their accoutrements, Sugar figured Carter could afford to take her to a concert.

“Let’s go see Das Racist tomorrow night,” she said, bursting into his room unannounced. He was sitting on his mattress, looking at something on his laptop, and yelped a little bit from the surprise. 

“Oh,” he said once his wits were about him, “did they give you another review to write? That’s great. Have they published the other one yet?”

“No, you’ll be treating me this time,” she said, plopping down on his upturned crate. “Bowery Ballroom. It’s only 30 bucks.”

“Each?”

“No, per pound, dicksmoke.”

“Uh, I’m not really sure I should spend 60 dollars on a concert right now.”

“Dude. Three days ago I was homeless. You expect me to pay for it?”

“Well that’s not really what I...” He looked at her for a few moments, then shrugged. “OK. Sure.”

“Yay!” Sugar leaped off the crate and enveloped Carter in an aggressive hug. Then, scooting up next to him on the mattress, she pointed at his screen. His web browser was open and pointed at some craigslist postings. “So just go to bowerypresents.com...”

“Ugh, it’s like, an extra 15 bucks with all the service charges and shit. Can’t you just go to the box office tomorrow and get them?”

“If you give the money.”

“Now?”

“Yes, they prefer that you pay before they hand you the tickets. I told you, I don’t have any money. I also don’t have a credit card.”

“You don’t have... OK, fine, never mind.” 

The following evening, Sugar took the M to Essex. She hadn’t spent much time in Manhattan, which was one reason for coming here. The Lower East Side was home to a different breed of hipster: a little older, a little less insulated, a little less effete. Down here one neighborhood seemed to bleed into the next – Chinatown in particular was impossible for her to comprehend, its tendrils penetrating deep into areas where she thought she was nowhere near it — and everything was larger, dirtier, less predictable. It made her a little uncomfortable; she liked to feel prepared.

Bored with hanging around the Silent Mill while everyone was actually trying to do stuff, she had come down here early, and now was unsure why she had thought that would be a good idea. She turned to her iPhone for comfort and discovered that just around the corner on Ludlow Street was the East Coast outpost of Caffe Vita, a coffee shop she used to frequent in Seattle. She was underdressed for the chilly night — because she preferred it to being overdressed in a sweaty rock club — and a little espresso and hot milk sounded pretty much irresistible to her.

She inhaled deeply as she entered the dim corridor of exposed brick and weathered wood, the rush of warmth and the aromas of ground and brewed coffee conjuring thoughts of the city she had left behind. There were two girls sitting in the seats by the window and a bearded guy in an engineer’s cap behind the counter. She ordered a PacNor — a long pull of espresso cut with an equal measure of steamed milk — and perched on a stool at the wall-mounted bar that ran the length of the store. 

“I had no idea this place was here,” she said to the barista as he cranked the lever on the manual coffee grinder. “This was my favorite coffee shop in Seattle.”

“Oh, you’re from there?” he said, tamping the grounds into the filter basket with a practiced twist of his wrist. 

“Yeah. I’ve been here... I guess almost two years.”

“I spent a week or so there when I got hired here,” he said. “Seems like a cool town.”

“Yeah,” Sugar said. “It is.”

Here the espresso machine interrupted their conversation for a minute or two, filling the room with the sounds of pressurized water being driven through tight-packed coffee grounds and the jet of steam blasting through the metal pitcher of milk. The barista set a small glass on a saucer, poured in the thick, creamy shot of espresso and topped it with the milk, a skin of micro-foam rising to meet the lip of the glass. The drink was a uniquely luscious shade of light brown, just as she remembered.

“Here’s your PacNor,” the barista said. 

Sugar hopped down from the stool and cradled the warm glass in both hands. “Oh, how I’ve missed you,” she said, and tentatively slurped the steaming liquid. “Ooh,” she said to the barista, shuddering a little. “This is fucking perfect. And you, sir, are my new best friend.”

The barista smiled. Sugar took another sip, holding it in her mouth for a few seconds to let the milky bitterness coat her tongue before swallowing.

“You have given me oral pleasure,” she said. 

“I get that a lot. Not to brag, or anything.”

“Duly noted,” Sugar said. She decided to lean against the counter rather than return to her stool. 

“So what do you think of New York?” the barista asked her.

“I don’t know,” she said. “I’ve spent most of my time in Brooklyn, which isn’t that different from home, other than being like three times as expensive. But when I come into Manhattan it’s like going to a whole other city, you know?”

“I do. Where in Brooklyn? I used to live in Greenpoint.”

“Oh, cool. Mostly I’m in Bushwick and Williamsburg. Sometimes Park Slope. Not the nice part, the part that’s near the projects.”

“The part that’s actually Gowanus.”

“I guess. Is that another neighborhood?”

“Yeah, you know. One of those places where, when part of it starts to get nice, it tries to change its name.”

“Yeah.”

“So. What brings you to our strange and mysterious borough tonight, then?”

“Seeing Das Racist at the Bowery Ballroom. I’m actually just waiting for my, uh, friend to get off work and meet me.”

“Oh, cool. I saw them in Williamsburg sometime last year. It’s a good show. Particularly if you’re high.”

They laughed. “I think my friend’s got that covered,” Sugar said. 

“What does she do? Your friend, I mean. It’s late to be still working.”

“Funny, she actually works in a coffee shop also.”

“Oh? Which one?”

“Uh. I’m actually not really sure. She’s kind of, uh, a new friend.”

“Gotcha. So, maybe the more relevant question is, what’s your deal?”

“Well, you know *Manhole,* the magazine? I work there. Nightlife stuff, mostly. Sometimes I write reviews. It’s pretty cool, I can get into shows and stuff all the time if I want to. With a ‘photographer,’ if you know what I mean.” Her phone vibrated and she saw that it was Carter, and he was somewhere in the area. “Hey, that’s my friend,” she said to the barista. “I gotta go. But I’m sure I’ll be back.”

“Hey, listen,” the guy said, lowering his voice a little and taking a step towards her. “After the show tonight, if you two want to, you know, hang out a little, come by the Cake Shop. You know where that is? It’s right up the street here.”

“Oh, OK.”

“Look, well, maybe I’ll see you later, right? I’m Geoff, by the way.” He extended his hand. 

“Sugar,” she said, accepting and shaking it. “Maybe you will.” Downing the last of her drink, she set the glass on the counter and headed back out into the cold, texting Carter back.