Xu Kong was unsurprised when Marty Flores, the union rep from Local 100, arrived even before the police did. They were highly protective of their members after a 12-9 even in normal circumstances − and the presence of a bona fide Tibbetts in the cockpit was hardly a normal circumstance. 

Flores was a tightly coiled little man who spoke with great haste, as he had a lot to say and the police were probably just seconds from arriving themselves. He seemed surprised to find Tibbetts still in the cockpit and Xu Kong standing on the platform. 

"OK. You called this in? OK. You all right? OK? Feeling sick or anything? Want a water? Here, have a water. OK, Caleb, listen to me. You hear me? Open your eyes so I know you can hear me. OK. Xu Kong volunteered to go down on the tracks because it's your first week and he didn't want you to have to see that shit already. That's what happened, right? Am I right? A noble gesture on your conductor's part, for sure. We should hope all our veteran members would exhibit such fine and brotherly behavior. I mean, that's my assumption. Correct me if I'm wrong. Am I wrong?”

Tibbetts didn't say anything. He just looked at Xu Kong, who nodded. There seemed to be no point in making an argument out of this just now. 

“That’s right,” Tibbetts said. 

“OK. Great. Good. Commendable. That’s a fine thing. So what happened, jumper? Pusher? Sleeper? Any witnesses?”

“He just fell, like, right in front of me,” Tibbetts said. “There was no way I could stop in time.”

“Great.”

“Nobody saw it up close,” Xu Kong said. “There was just one guy who says he saw from far away. The guy came down the stairs and just went right onto the tracks, like he tripped or lost his balance or something.”

“Or maybe a drunk? Great. OK. Any trouble with the controls? I see you already had to take one train out of service today. Any trouble there, anything wrong, any problems?”

Tibbetts looked at Xu Kong again, but he, of course, had been letting his attention wander once Tibbetts seemed to have calmed down. He was unaware of any problems, but why was Tibbetts looking at him like that? 

“Nothing to report,” he said. “Sticky throttle on the first one. Nothing now that I am aware of.”

“OK. OK. Well I think you guys are in great shape. We’re all clear on the facts of the situation, so just — “ 

He flicked his head around and caught a glimpse of a group of men coming down the stairs. A few uniforms and two men in suits. He dashed off toward them. 

“Gentlemen! Gentlemen, we’ve got a clear case of an accident here. I’m sure you’ll find that my members conducted themselves with the utmost professionalism and that certainly there’s no reason to suspect any kind of misconduct or wrongdoing on their part.”

“Thanks, Flores,” said one of the detectives, a white guy with a mustache. “They give you that honorary detective’s badge yet?”

“I’ve got a job to do, sir, same as you,” Flores said, walking backwards alongside them as they strode towards Xu Kong and Tibbetts and the uniforms began taping off a perimeter and canvassing the crowd for witnesses. “Utmost respect for everything you do. On my life I would never even dream of interfering with your investigation. Perish the thought. I just gotta look out for my guys, you know what I mean? It’s a terrible thing they just seen, a terrible thing. I gotta make sure they’re OK, they got everything they need. Just doing my job. Anything I can do to help.”

“Be helpful if you got the fuck behind that tape.”

“Absolutely, detectives. Whatever you say. You need anything, I’m right here.”

There were two of them. The guy with the mustache was tall, middle-aged, wearing your typical ill-fitting grey cop’s suit, but his partner was much younger, black, stick-thin and conspicuously stylish in a three-piece black suit, black-and-white plaid shirt and no tie. He wore horn-rimmed glasses and a Lincoln beard and his head was shaved clean.

“I’m Detective Toro, this is Detective Creamer,” the cop with the mustache said in a thick outer-borough accent. “You the conductor?”

“Xu Kong.”

“Spell that?” said Creamer, who had whipped out a pen and a Whitelines writing pad. 

“Hey, pal, you wanna come out here?” Toro said to Tibbetts. 

“Uh, sure,” he said, emerging a moment later through a keyed-open door. “My name’s Caleb Tibbetts.”

“Tibbetts as in Jerry?” Toro said. He nodded. “You got that, T?”

“I got it, Phil,” Creamer said. 

“Aright, so, tell us what happened.”

They questioned Tibbetts for a few minutes. Xu Kong tuned the conversation out. A whorl of dirt on the white-tiled wall of the station captured his interest. He stared at it. He began to feel very cold. A hand on his shoulder startled him. 

“You alright? Mr. Kong?” It was Toro.

“Mr. Xu,” he said. He was shivering and his face was covered in clammy sweat.

“Beg your pardon?”

“He’s Chinese, Phil,” said Creamer. “It’s Mr. Xu.”

“I am from Hong Kong,” Xu Kong said. “Before the takeover. I have been in this country 20 years.”

“You’re not looking so good,” Toro said. “You wanna sit down? Take a seat on the steps here. I understand you were the one that went down on the tracks. I’m sure you’re pretty shaken up.”

Xu Kong sat. “I am very cold,” he said.

“You wanna blanket?” He turned to one of the uniformed police. “Hey, officer! We got a blanket or something? Guy needs a blanket, get me one, will ya? Go ask one of them EMS guys, they probably got blankets and shit. Mr. Xu, we’ll get you that blanket, and I’m very sorry for that mixup about your name. I’m just a dumb guinea from the Bronx, ya know what I mean?”

Xu Kong nodded. 

“Listen. Is it OK we ask you a few questions, while you’re sittin’ here? It’s really just some routine stuff. That all right?”

Xu Kong nodded again. 

“OK. We really appreciate it. We get this over with and you’re on your way. Go home, have a drink, probably get some time off. It’s a hell of a thing, I know, what you saw down there. Hell of a thing. Believe me, we seen some shit too, Detective Creamer and myself. It ain’t the greatest. But in the end, we’re public servants, right? Part of the job. That’s why we get to retire at age 55, am I right? Cuz you got guys like Marty fuckin’ Flores over there watchin’ out for ya. Hey, officer! Where’s my goddamn blanket? Blanket over here! He’ll be right over with that blanket, Mr. Xu. I’m real sorry to keep you waiting. There ya go.”

The uniformed officer handed Xu Kong the blanket, which he draped over his shoulders and wrapped around himself. “Thank you,” he said.

“No problem, Mr. Xu,” said Toro. “Is it all right, first of all, if we give you a Breathalyzer? Like I said, it’s just routine.”

"Fine."

"OK, we'll take care of that in a few minutes. Now, did you notice anything unusual with the train around the time of the incident?"

"No. Everything was normal. In fact, I did not realize anything was wrong until I opened my window and did not see the marker there."

"The train didn't stop short?" Creamer said.

Fuck. "Well. Uh. Maybe a bit. You understand, this is the TO's first week on the job. So he does not always have, you might say, the smoothest touch." He looked over at Tibbetts, who was being frenetically talked at by Flores. "Which is not to say that he is incompetent or that I think he did anything wrong." He felt fresh beads of cold sweat forming on his forehead. 

"OK, that's fine," said Toro. "So then, owing to that fact, you offered to go down on the tracks and call in the 12-9, is that right?"

"Yes."

"See anything unusual? Anything that might help us figure out what happened here? Anything at all that sticks out."

Xu Kong thought for a moment, but the only image he could conjure was of the mangled body under the train, the dead−weight resistance of the hand against his flashlight, the wet, sickly swaths of red. He shuddered. 

"Take your time," Toro said. 

"I am not sure what to consider unusual in these circumstances," Xu Kong said.

"That's aright. Take a few minutes to think about it. In the meantime, would you mind just emptying out your pockets? Again, I'm sorry, it's just routine."

Xu Kong handed the items to Creamer one by one. Wallet. Keys. Harmonica.

"What the hell's that?" Toro said.

"That's a harmonica, Phil," Creamer said. "It's a musical instrument."

"I know what a harmonica is, T."

"You're a musician, Mr. Xu?" said Creamer. Xu Kong nodded. "You don't strike me as the blues type, no offense. What do you play, jazz?"

"Classical," Xu Kong said. "Mostly my own arrangements."

"Wow." Creamer turned the instrument over in his hands, examining it, pressing the slide button a few times. "Chromatic?" Xu Kong nodded again. "It's a beauty. It looks, ah, well loved."

"Not performance−caliber," Xu Kong said, "not anymore, anyway. The coverplate is dented and the comb has a few cracks. I would call it more of a practice piece. But thank you."

"Practice piece. So why exactly do you have it with you tonight?" 

Xu Kong blanched. "I carry it always," he said. He saw Marty and Tibbetts looking his way. He was sure Marty had seen Creamer holding up the harmonica. 

"Feels warm," Creamer said. "And a bit damp. Would that be from playing it, Mr. Xu?"

"No. Certainly not on duty. I like to keep it in my pocket. Sometimes I hold it or fidget with it. Just a habit. It helps me calm down. I was holding it down on the tracks, in my pocket. My palms were sweating." He held them up, and they were indeed quite moist.

Creamer made a few notes on his pad.

"There was a girl!" Xu Kong said suddenly.

"Say again?"

"I remembered something. I think there was someone with him. The man who was hit."

"A woman?" said Toro. 

"A young woman. Yes. She was standing by the spot where I found the, um, the man who was hit, and she seemed distraught. And then she ran away."

"Can you describe this woman?"

"She was Chinese. I would guess in her early or mid 20s. Um. She had short hair with kind of a pink streak in it. Glasses − kind of like yours," he pointed to Creamer, "um, kind of short, thin, oh, and she had a lot of tattoos."

"what was she wearing?"

"A dress. Um, it was... Pink, pink dress, with little pictures of animals all over it. Rabbits, I think."

"Pink, with rabbits. OK. Can you describe the tattoos?"

"Yes, um, both her arms were covered, and her back and her, uh, chest." He paused for a moment to try and picture her. "Up and down her arms it was all, I suppose you would say leaves of some sort. Like vines, like ivy. On her back it was a ship. And on her chest, uh, there was a dragon."

"Sounds like one of them girls you date, T," said Toro. 

"And you say she fled the scene?" said Creamer.

"Yes. I noticed her at first because she was sort of leaning against the train while everyone else was looking around to see what happened. Then when I got down on the tracks, she had come over to the edge and even though she said nothing she seemed concerned about what happened, not just curious. I had to duck under the platform and go back to the second car to get a better look, and when I came back out I tried to get her attention and let her know that, you know, that it was bad. Then I called in to report the 12-9 and when I looked up again she was gone."

"Interesting. OK, well, thank you for your time, Mr. Xu. We'll get you that Breathalyzer and then let you be on your way. I know this hasn't been an easy time, so we really appreciate your cooperation."

"Of course." Xu Kong sighed. He looked over at Flores, who was frowning. He looked at his watch. It was nearly 1 a.m. He shivered under his blanket. 