It was a lot of memory to process all at once, and she still had to charge her phone. She sipped her coffee and glanced around; Peter was engrossed again in tapping at his iPad, and Tafari had started chopping up some produce over on the workbench. Across the room, in the hackers' corner, she saw the distinctive blue-white of daylight refracted through a cloud of cigarette smoke. Coffee and a cigarette sounded like a pretty stupendous breakfast to her right about now.

"OK, well, thanks for the coffee, TV on the Radio," she said, stepping back from the table. "I'll check you fags later."

She walked over to the corner by the door and addressed the girl on the couch. She was dark-eyed, with a black watch cap pulled low over her long, thick black hair, wearing ratty jeans and a green, elbow-worn cardigan over a black-plaid flannel, hunched over a gleaming aluminum MacBook on the coffee table, an energy drink by her left hand and a cigarette dangling from her dry, chapped lips. 

"Hi, you seem cool, can I just assume we're friends?" Sugar said, taking a seat next to her. 

"Um, hi," the girl said, looking up from the laptop.

"I'm Sugar," she continued, barreling onward, extending her hand for a shake. 

"You don't remember me," the girl said. Her voice was attractively husky, her accent lilting, her tone betraying some mild disappointment. 

"Oh, yikes, awkward," Sugar said, retracting her hand a little. "Did we fuck?"

The girl smiled shyly. "We were hanging out a little bit last night. I'm sorry. I don't know why I expected you to remember that. I'm Rishima." She put out her hand to reciprocate Sugar's shake. "Nice to meet you and definitely not know about anything embarrassing you did last night that you don't remember."

Sugar smiled. "Can I further indebt myself to you by bumming one?" She pointed to the pack of Marlboros beside her laptop.

"Sure," Rishima said, sliding the pack and matchbook across the table. 

Sugar tapped one out of the pack, lit it, and sat back to enjoy it for a few moments with a sip of coffee. She sighed with satisfaction, setting the mug down again. "Well, Rishima, you can probably tell by looking at me that I've had a hell of a night." She flicked out some ash in the metal ashtray, which was painted with a kitschy, butt-stubbed portrait of Santa Claus. “Let me ask you something: where can I plug my phone in around here without executing myself?"

"There's outlets in the floor, under the table," Rishima said. 

"Sweet." Sugar retrieved her phone and cord from her bag and stretched forward to plug it in. She held the power button down to boot it up, catching a glimpse of her reflection in its glossy black surface — a goddamn mess, mashed-in sleep-hair, peeling thunderbolt — and blew a jet of smoke its way, watching it meet itself just above the gleaming Apple logo in the center of the screen. "I haven't been on Tumblr in like, eight hours," she said. “I’m having tremors.” The phone blinked off abruptly, then rebooted. "Come on, fucker," she said, slapping it against her palm. 

"Having trouble?" Rishima said. 

"No, it just does this sometimes. I think it has something to do with, you know, this." She held it up, showing off the network of white gashes that sliced up the black glass on its back, patched in places with bits of blue painter's tape.

"Jesus," Rishima said. "What'd you do, take a bullet with it?"

"Well, funny story," Sugar began, before a loud screech of feedback tore through the room, silencing it. 

"Hi everyone, your attention please." It was the skinny, mullethawk-sporting artist again, standing on the stage and bellowing into a bullhorn. "I'm gonna be setting up for recording in a minute, so, it's OK if you're in here while we’re taping but you just need to not, like, walk anywhere or make any noise or anything for, I guess, probably three or four hours kthanks!" The bullhorn squealed again as he switched it off and set about erecting a tripod and moving some chairs around. 

Rishima had already turned back to her computer, unfazed.

"Is he for real?" Sugar said. 

"Nothing's for real," Rishima replied. “We are the music makers, and we are the dreamers of dreams.”

“Haha. So, maybe we've had this conversation already, but, do you live here?"

"I do. And I rule this corner." She paused, pregnantly. "Welcome, to my corner."

"Is it, like ... what *is* this place? Some dude brought me here last night and was just like, 'Oh, this guy lives in a factory in Queens, it's awesome,' and then I just, you know, got drunk and stopped paying attention."

"Wait, so, Peter hasn't given you the talk yet?"

"Um, I don't think so.”

“What, um —- are you —- I mean, uh, how..." 

"Chill out, trick. I'm not a narc."

"Haha sorry, I probably seem totally insane to you right now. I was just, uh, confused, I guess. Usually when new people stay here they’re either with someone or Peter has kind of, you know, brought them on." 

"Well, that's a bit Waco, don’t you think? I slept in Carter's room." 

"Oh." Rishima had hesitated before responding, just long enough to make Sugar feel like she'd stepped in it. 

"Well, I mean, I passed out in there, is what I should say. I got stupid high and just kind of, like, decided it was too much work to stay awake. I mean, I assume it was his room. I haven't seen him, actually. Whatever, who gives a shit about him. Tell me more about your cult." 

"Ha, yeah, I didn't mean to make it sound so creepy. It's not a big deal, we mostly just have to worship him. Sometimes he rapes us." 

"Cool beans." 

Rishima broke up laughing. "God, I can't believe I just said that. That's so terrible!" Her South Asian accent made it extra prim-sounding. "I guess what I mean is, the people who live here, Peter is kind of like their sponsor, or something. I don't know. It's a little hard to–-“ 

Another blast of feedback tore through the room. Up on stage, the mullethawk man had pulled a corduroy blazer and loosely knotted tie on over his torn pink t-shirt and was pressing the bullhorn to his lips again. "OK people. Absolute. Fucking. Silence. That's all I ask." 

Sugar turned back to Rishima. "Do we need to...?” 

"Fuck that noise," she said. "It's all part of his act. I don't know if he even actually records anything." 

He was lounging now in a chair in front of a portable green-screen hung and unrolled behind him. "Hello everyone!" he said to camera with surprising volume and earnestness. "Welcome to 'Culture Kaleidoscope.' I'm Bullshit Anderson. Let's start off today with some movie reviews!"

Sugar chuckled. "This guy's amazing," she said. "Is he like, a visionary retard or something?"

"He's a professional twat," Rishima said. "You know, he calls himself a performance artist or something. It's like being paid to have ADD."

"Who pays him?"

"Peter. Peter's like his patron or whatever.”

"Ah." A picture of Peter was staring to come together for Sugar. "And he's your patron too?"

“Well, he gave me seed money and stuff. A couple of other hackers also, but they don't live here. Sometimes they come and work in my corner."

"Wow. What are you working on?"

"Um..." In her lightly accented way, she pronounced it "oom." God, it was fucking adorable. "Well, it's called 'Draug.ht.' Like, d-r-a-u-g-dot-h-t. It's sort of, like, a social-graph network for beer geeks."

“OMG, will you gay-marry me?"

Rishima blushed, and Sugar’s phone buzzed. The alert was a text from Scoty. What did that asshat want at this hour on a Saturday? He should still have been sleeping off the previous night's episode of sexual pedantry.

*Hwgm tonite @ cooper can u go*

She texted back: *$100*

*File by Monday*

“Everything OK?” Rishima said. She must have been making faces.

“Yeah, yeah,” Sugar said. “My editor.”

Scoty (never Scot - or Scott, for that matter) Kansas was the founder and editor of *Manhole,* a Williamsburg publishing concern that trafficked in joylessly zeitgeisty, dick-swingingly middlebrow Bard-College-dodgeball-team hedonism, mixed with occasional wide-eyed forays into randomly selected Real News stories and padded with copious slideshows (and whatever the print equivalent was called) of hot bitches doing stuff. In addition to their frequently, if desultorily, updated website, once a week they also published a free print edition that could be found in plastic sidewalk boxes nestled between Gotham Writers Workshop catalogs and the *Epoch Times* (they shared a distributor). Sugar worked there a couple days a week -- not writing, really, just fetching coffee, answering the phone, updating the event listings, looking sexually available. Sometimes Scoty threw her last-minute fill-in concert review gigs, which was presumably what this was all about. The job was valuable mainly as a reliable source of free tickets to stuff, as she had learned during a brief stint of fucking one of their freelancers the previous year. 

“Oh wow,” Rishima blurted, “you’re a writer!” She looked a little embarrassed at her over-excitement. “That’s really, um, awesome or whatever.”

“Uh, kinda, I guess. I do music reviews sometimes. This guy wants me to go back to Brooklyn tonight for a show.”

“Oh. Is that where you live?" 

"Um... I guess it's what the wanted poster would call my 'last known address.'"

"What does that mean?"

“Well I'm in the market, you know, for a new place. Available immediately."

"Stay with me!” Rishima blurted. “On my couch, I mean. Here."

It seemed almost too easy. “Am I gonna have to contribute something to the talent show?" Sugar said.

"I told you, I rule this corner. It's part of my deal with Peter. I call the shots here." She craned her neck. "Hey, Pete!"

Peter's head snapped up and he rose from the table. Bullshit Anderson, bullhorn always at the ready, cut himself off in mid-sentence to flick it on with another crackle and squeal. "Shhhhhhh!" he hissed. "QUIET ON THE SET. Pardon the interruption, folks," he continued, turning back to the camera as Rishima shot him a middle finger. 

"What up, Rishi?" Peter said, approaching the couch and speaking in low tones. 

"Sugar is going to live on my couch."

“OK. You're the boss."

"I, uh... well, OK,” Sugar said.

"I wouldn't have pegged you for a coder, Sugar," Peter said.

"She's not a coder. She’s a writer. She's going to help me with, you know, word stuff."

"Nice. You know, we could use a writer around here."

"I'm not really a writer," Sugar said. 

"Well, if you ever want to be, let me know. I gotta get back, I'll catch you guys later."

"Um... thanks?" Sugar said when he had left. 

"Don't worry about that writing thing, I just had to tell him something to keep him off my back about it." Rishima looked over at her and all of a sudden blanched. "Oh god," she said, grabbing her face with both hands. "How fucking insane am I? You didn't even say... oh Jesus. I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. Holy shit." She looked to be on the verge of tears.

"No, no, it's fine, it's totally cool. It's great. It’s super awesome happy time. I was just surprised, bowled over speechless with gratitude. Gratitude and erotic yearning. My vag is so fucking drenched I’m afraid to stand up. I need you to get up, very calmly, and get me a bucket.”

Rishima smiled and seemed to calm down a little. "Yeah, yeah, OK. Sorry I freaked out. I'm really not as much of a basket case as I look like right now, I promise." 

Remembering nothing of Rishima outside the morning's conversation, Sugar had nothing to go on but her instincts and rapport with the girl. She seemed a little volatile but basically harmless. Her crush on Sugar was pretty obvious, she was cute and funny, and she'd served up this fatass opportunity. Sugar had taken leaps of faith on far less.

"This offer to stay on your couch," she said. "Does it start, like, now?"

"Uh, sure, I guess. Do you have a lot of stuff? That might be kind of an issue."

"This is it," Sugar said, tugging at the strap of her satchel. "I travel light. What you see is what you get."