One day The Knickerbocker was sent on an experimental daytime run, the MTA's latest salvo in its occasional war on filth. The train's appearance in broad daylight left people more disoriented than enraged, so it was a nice relief from the full force of the city's powers of negativity. They were running along the 7 line, and the familiarity was relaxing. Xu Kong slid his window down as they approached Grand Central and the sounds of a piano drifted in as the train came to a stop. Mozart’s “Rondo Alla Turca” - one of his favorites. It gave him a warm feeling, and he smiled, feeling silly for this bout of sentimentality, then frightened. Jesus Christ, don't let the Bobs see him smiling. He'd never hear the end of it. 

"Happy face!"

Mother of fuck. 

Turtle Bob was loping towards him on the platform, flashing his toothy, deranged grin. 

"What's the good news, X?"

Xu Kong rolled his eyes, accepting punishment for his moment of happiness. "I like this music," he said. 

Bob cast a glance over his shoulder at the piano player. "Oh, sure, yeah, sure." Then he winked - a truly ghoulish sight. "Got it," he said, cackling with laughter. "You like the music. I'm onto you now, buddy!" He shuffled away toward the trash bins, chanting "Hoo hoo hoo!" and leaving Xu Kong shaking his head and muttering, more confused than usual as to what the hell he was talking about. 

Then Xu Kong turned the other way, looking in the direction of the music. At the small portable keyboard stood a young Chinese woman in horn-rimmed glasses. She wore cowboy boots and a tight-fitting dress printed to look like a game of Tetris. A lock of pink hair hung over her left eye. Her arms were covered in tattoos.

He stared in disbelief. But it was her. The gnarled black ivy creeping toward her wrists, the intricately wrought dragon leaping across her smooth chest. The details were the same, but even more vivid in the flesh than they were in his dreams. And the music. He could almost feel himself playing it, drawing and blowing in time with it in spite of himself. The tempo was hypnotic, about half a beat slower than it should have been. 

This wasn’t just a coincidence; it was a stupid, pointless coincidence. Was this why the fickle finger of fate had entombed him in the garbage train? So that he could discover that some unknown person who may or may not have had anything to do with the accident that had upended his comfortably terrible life could play the piano? All right, then. Lesson learned. Let’s be on our fucking way.

She looked up at that moment, gave the train a funny look, saw him staring and then hit a bum note and stopped playing as her eyes widened. The spell was broken and his heart began to race. She had recognized him as clearly as he had her, though he couldn’t imagine what about him was memorable. He couldn’t look away. What now? Should he wave hello? Express his condolences for her loss? Execute a citizens’ arrest? He felt the eyes of everyone on the platform on him, waiting in judgment, impatient for his next move, which he knew was idiotic and they were only wondering when the garbage train would get the hell out of the way and make room for a real train.

“I enjoy your playing,” he said, surprising himself, hoping it would dispel the tension.

The statement hung in the air a moment. She seemed to relax a bit, started improvising a few scale notes, and replied, “Well, if you can’t spare some change, creepy stares are always appreciated.”

What the fuck? Now she was calling him out? He heard laughter from the few people on the platform who had been paying attention, and the crushing absurdity of the whole situation made him laugh too. Was it possible this was a dream after all? No, he could never imagine something so thoroughly nonsensical. He gestured to the nearest one who had laughed and pulled a five-dollar bill from his wallet. “For another song,” he called to the tattooed girl, waving it in the air. She smiled, looked down at her piano and started in on “Eine Kleine Nachtmusik.” He handed the fiver to the man who approached. “If you would, please,” he said, pointing at her donation box.

“C’mon, concert’s over, openna door,” said Greek Bob, pounding on the side of the train.

“Sorry,” he said, letting the Bobs in and signaling the TO that it was time to go. The girl with the tattoos didn’t look up at him again as the train pulled out of the station, which he found a little disappointing, hoping for some additional confirmation that this all had actually just happened. He got it instead from Greek Bob. 

“Well,” he said, chuckling, leaning back in his folding chair, “now we learn something about the meesterios Meester X, eh? He like the tender China poosy! You think she shave?”

“Hoo!” said turtle Bob. “Well I really don’t know!”

Xu Kong surprised himself yet again, this time by becoming incensed. He felt violently protective of the girl in front of these men, steel-bonded like a war buddy. A phrase popped into his head and wouldn’t leave. We’ve seen death, he thought, ridiculously, but it girded him all the more, and his rage boiled over messily like a pot of hot milk.

“Shut up, cunt,” he said. 

“Hoo!” said turtle Bob. “Hoo!”

Greek Bob stood up and stepped toward him menacingly. “What you say?”

“Sit down.”

He came closer, within arms’ length. Xu Kong could smell the onion and sumac on his breath. “I come closer to hear you better,” he said. 

Xu Kong shoved him. Hard. Bob’s eyes flew open in shock, his nostrils flaring with a sharp, noisy intake of air. He looked at him, looked at the equally stunned turtle Bob, looked back at Xu Kong. 

“I go to union!” he thundered, pointing at him.

“I go to your wife,” Xu Kong replied, pointing right back, then making Bob’s signature tickling gesture and raspberry noise. 

Bob charged, shouting “SONNA VA BEECH!” and slammed him against the rear wall of the cab. The whole car resonated with a hollow thud, and then the train jerked to a stop so hard that they both fell to the floor. TO Bob came bursting out of the cockpit. “What the fuck is going on in here?” he said.

“Hoo!” said turtle Bob.