Sugar sought Peter out later that afternoon, when it was time to start getting ready to leave and Rishima had gone out to run errands. He was scuttling between the stage and sound booth, sorting through cables and equipment in preparation for the night's show. 

"I gotta take a shower," she said. "Is there a place I can put my stuff? I don't really have, you know, a room."

"Is Rishi not here? You can use my room if you need some privacy, I'll be busy out here for a while anyway."

“OK, awesome, thanks." He led her toward the living quarters. “You know, I’m really stoked about staying here," she said. 

"Really? That's great," he said over his shoulder. "So lemme ask you, what sorts of things do you write?"

"Oh. Not much, really. Mostly music stuff.”

“Like concert reviews?"

"Kind of. It's more like the concert is just an excuse for stuff I already wanted to say."

"Interesting."

"Yeah, well, editors generally either don't care or want to fuck me, so..."

"Creeps."

"You know how it is with these guys. They all think they're the next Hunter S. Thompson just because they act like coked-up assholes."

His chivalry and sophistication sufficiently flattered, Peter pushed open the door to his room. Sugar was surprised to find that it wasn't really any larger or nicer than the one she had slept in the night before, though it did have better furniture: a real bed with box spring and mattress, desk, computer, filing cabinet, bookshelf, dresser and freestanding wardrobe.

"Yeah, so, you can leave your stuff here, get changed, whatever," he said, gesturing vaguely.

"That's great, thanks," she said, flipping her satchel onto the bed and hopping on next to it, the springs bouncing as she situated herself on the edge of it, her toes pointing toward the rug-covered floor. "Hey, can I ask you something? Rishima was trying to explain to me before, like, what the Silent Mill is and how the whole thing works or whatever. It sounded really cool, but I also feel like I kind of didn't get it. So I figured, while I have you to myself..."

"Oh, yeah, great. I'm glad you're interested. Do you want the the elevator pitch?"

"I dunno, do I? I have no idea what that means."

"Sorry, business-speak. You know, it's like, if you think you have this great idea, and you want to pitch it to some guy who's so important that the only time he can give you is during the elevator ride down to his car –- what do you say if you have less than a minute to sell your life's work?"

"Well, I'm not in *that* much of a hurry. Do I smell like bad pussy sweat or something?”

"Haha, no, of course not." He hesitated; Sugar had opened her satchel and started pulling clothes and toiletries out of it.

"Go ahead, I'm listening," she said. 

"OK, well, basically it's like this. I like to think of the Silent Mill as a culture incubator. Do you know what an incubator is? It's a venture-capital thing where they invest in startups not just with money, but also other help and resources and workspace to help them become viable companies as quickly as possible.” While he spoke, Sugar stood up and began nonchalantly removing her clothes and tossing them onto the bed. She stood there, unabashedly exposed, a hand on her hip and a look of inquisitive attentiveness on her face, as though whatever nonsense he was droning on about was more interesting than her nakedness. His eyes widened and darted all over her body and the room as he seemed unsure of where to look. "Um, so, uh," he continued, "well, we're trying to, sort of, you know, do kind of a similar thing, I guess." 

"Sounds bitchin'," she said. "Where do I get a towel?"

"A what?" he said, his head snapping back to look at her again. The dense, intricate sleeves of ivy and rope inked on her arms stretched all the way down her slender torso, curling under her small, fruitlike breasts, diminishing on each side to a single tendril snaking down to her jutting hipbones, just short of the unruly wedge of her pubic hair. "Oh, um, there's a little dresser by the bathroom door. In there."

"Thanks." She walked past him and out of the room, leaving the door open behind her, walking to the bathroom and retrieving a towel with unhurried movements. A shudder of delight wracked her as she shut the door and reached into the shower to open the flow of hot water. She felt like the moody, inscrutable beauty in some grainy old Italian or French New Wave film -- unknowable, iconic, freighted with some kind of meaning that lay always just outside the viewer's grasp but that had to be there because, come on, this was *art,* right? 

She stepped under the stream and emerged cleansed of crowd-sweat and scrubbed of face-paint, her skin glowing an angry shade of pink from the scalding water. She retired, towel-wrapped, to Peter's room to primp and clothe: magenta leggings, bright yellow tunic, slouching turquoise boots, hair bursting from her head like fennel fronds. 

Emerging from the room, she could hear an acoustic guitar being picked and strummed intermittently. The sound was coming from behind Carter's closed door. She threw it open to find him sitting on a crate with his instrument in hand, a look on his face somewhere between startled and petrified. 

"You vanished like my goddamn fairy godmother," Sugar said, not bothering to close the door behind her as she entered and took a seat on his mattress. 

He sat suspended in mid-strum, his fingers curled into the fretboard, his pick hand hovering over the strings, looking at her impassively, a stare resigned to the fact that she would probably either keep talking or get up and leave without particularly caring which she chose. She stared back for as long as she could stand to, which was not very long. 

"Don't take this the wrong way," she said finally, "but are you retarded?"

He looked away and resumed playing, repeating a slow phrase of chords over and over, introducing slight variations in timing and tone, experimenting, head cocked carefully. 

"Or maybe, I don't know, Asperger's? Or you have a fucked-up brain virus or something because your parents were anti-vaxers? I mean, it's cool if you are. I was friends with all the retarded kids in eighth grade when I moved to a new school district. I'm down with that shit. I just don’t want to statutory-rape you or whatever.”

He continued playing, saying nothing, the same phrase over and over again, developing, refining it. While she sat there, waiting for some kind of response or at least acknowledgement, he hit upon a variation that wrung a whole new spectrum of emotion from the melody, deepening its penetration, shading it with sweetness and sadness. It sent a jolt up Sugar's spine that made her twitch, a ripple of muscular contraction that ran from asscheek to fingertip, accompanied by a flash of discomfort and even shame, a feeling like she'd taken something didn't belong to her.

"It's just hard for me to believe that someone who can play the guitar like *that* could be so fucking boring," she said. 

He took his hands off the guitar, resting his elbows on top of it. "Compared to the excitement of watching you take two hits off a pipe and stare at the ceiling mouthing words for an hour," he said. 

"Yeah... sorry about that," she said. "I forget sometimes that my stamina isn't what it used to be." She stared right back at him, mustering as much sincerity and vulnerability as she could and pouring it all into her face. It was a reflexive response, intended to spawn an awkward silence while the subject contemplated Sugar's grave medical history and she figured out what to do next. But it was pointless here. Carter seemed, if anything, to prefer awkward silence. *Fuck.* She had plenty of experience with guys who were immune to her caustic charms, but she wasn't accustomed to feeling so drawn to one of them. Her instincts were faltering, and it made her angry.

Then Carter smiled, a wry, knowing grin, and started playing his chords again.  

"I wouldn't have thought you'd still be here," he said. 

"Yeah, well, sorry to disappoint you," she shot back. "I'm staying with Rishima for a while. Better increase your weed budget accordingly."

He continued playing, said nothing. Sugar checked the time on her phone. A thought occurred to her. 

"Hey, do you like Here We Go Magic?" she said. 

"They're OK."

"I'm reviewing their show tonight. Want to come 'be my photographer'?"

"I'm not a photographer," he said, not looking up. 

She sighed. "Jesus, man. Would you like to go, to a concert, with me, for free, by pre-ten-ding, to be my pho-to-gra-pher. Are you sure you're not retarded?"

He didn't answer, just kept playing. The phrase he'd been repeating spun out into a complete melody, a melancholy, angular arc that gave Sugar chills yet again. He brought it to a close and let out a deep, slow breath. 

"I'll go," he said. 

"OK," Sugar said, standing abruptly. "Get ready, we have to be in Gowanus by eight. I'm gonna go take a shit."