Sugar stumbled onto the Bowery, where the sidewalks were wide and dark and the people were all in cars, honking and waiting to get on the Williamsburg Bridge, and slumped down on the first stoop she came across. Then she dispatched Carter to the nearest bodega.

“I don’t want to see any more people,” she said. “Get me something I can drink out of a bag.”

She waited in silence, staring at the traffic. It was nearing midnight and yet this intersection was still a shitshow. Didn’t these people ever just fucking quit? 

Carter returned, walking unsteadily and carrying a black bag, and sat down heavily beside her. He extracted two 40-ounce bottles of malt liquor encased in brown paper, handing one to Sugar. 

“The guy tried to just put them in the shopping bag,” he said. “I had to ask him for two paper bags. It was totally embarrassing.”

Sugar cracked the cap off and took a long sip. “Worth it,” she said. “I’m sorry you aren’t living up to the high expectations of the guy working in a bodega at midnight on a Wednesday.”

“Well, he can get in line,” Carter said, taking a swig of his own.

“Yeah,” Sugar said. She took another sip, and felt the woozy buzz of the alcohol mingling with her still-raging high. It might not make it end any faster, but at least she wouldn’t care as much. She looked over at Carter, who was swaying slowly back and forth, drinking from his bottle, staring off into space. He noticed her looking. 

“Hey,” he said. “What’s up?”

“Not much. What’s up with you?”

“Oh, you know. Just chillin’ on the Bowery, gettin’ drunk in front of a fucking restaurant supply store. Some Wednesday shit.”

“Word.” Her mouth was dry. She drank more.

“So, here’s a question,” Carter said after a few moments. “What the fuck just happened?”

Sugar exhaled loudly. “I don’t know.”

“Did you get hurt? Like, when that girl fell on you? Should we go to the ER? Maybe you fuckin’, like, bruised your pancreas or something.”

“I didn’t bruise my pancreas. I just kinda freaked out.”

“For no reason?”

“OK. Look.” She took a long, slow pull on her bottle. “I guess... I can’t really think of a way to say this that makes sense. But like... sometimes I go  to concerts to be alone. You know what I mean?”

“I think so.”

“Like, alone with the music. I dunno. It’s not alone like just listening to it on headphones or something. It’s like, I get right up front, and there’s nobody in between me and the band. And I just... I don’t know, just the way that I can hear every sound, see every little gesture or little bullshit thing that nobody would ever notice, like, experiencing these people as real people that are singing these songs. And when it’s one of those songs where you just feel like you completely *get it*, you understand the song perfectly, you just feel it on your bones, and the people who created that song are right fucking there and you’re right in front of them and they’re singing it — it’s like there’s no one else there at all. No one else is having the experience that you’re having. You’re on a higher plane. You’re the only person in the whole world who understands it. You feel like you’re a part of the song. Or something, I don’t know.”

“Sometimes when I’m on stage I get that feeling. Like I’m alone. Like, I don’t know, like I’m in a silent chamber, or something. I mean the other guys are playing, and I’m playing, and I know there’s a lot of sound, but it’s just input and output. And I’m just like, thinking, and reacting, and just doing everything I can as fast as I can to take the input and convert it into the the output that it’s supposed to be. Not like I’m a machine. Because it’s not mathematical or anything really. It’s just like, a feeling. I know what I’m supposed to do and I just try to do it. Competing with myself. What I know versus what I can do. It’s weird. I’ve seen myself on video, I look like I’m playing in my sleep.”

“It *is* kind of like a dream. It’s surreal. And then tonight, I don’t know — seriously, that fucking weed you had tonight, it just multiplied it by like, a million. And then when that dumb bitch fell on me it just totally broke my concentration, and all I could hear was her and her fucking cunt-rag Long Island girlfriends talking instead of paying attention to the music and I just, ugh. I wanted to tear my skin off.”

“Yeah, exactly,” Carter said. “You can’t just come out of it like that. It’s like you get the bends.”

“It’s a good thing you were with me,” Sugar said. She drank again from her 40. She looked at Carter. Then she grabbed him. 

They kissed, sloppily, two drunks pawing at each other on a Bowery stoop in the middle of the night, their passion soundtracked by idling cars, honking horns and thumping subwoofers concealed behind black-tinted windows. It seemed to go on for minutes and minutes, but Sugar never got bored with it. In time she gasped for air, her lips slimy, her tongue sore. She stood, wobbling, and pulled on his hand.

“Let’s go,” was all she said.

Giggling like idiots, draining their bottles, they made their way to the D station at Grand Street. They waited on the platform and Sugar knew they were That Couple and she didn’t care one goddamn bit, hanging all over him, burying her face in his. She had no idea how long they waited.

At 42nd Street-Bryant Park they got off to transfer to the 7, dragging themselves up the stairs, staggering down the long corridor lined with poetry, stumbling down the ramp in a state of suspended falling. There was a rumbling as they got closer to the staircase. 

“Shit, the train!” Carter said, and began to run. He grabbed the railing and swung himself around the corner, going airborne for a few seconds. Sugar chased him, laughing.

“Don’t trip, you twat-hair!” she cried.

He was half a staircase ahead of her. About three steps from the bottom, he lost his footing. She drew a sharp breath.

Sugar’s sense of time had been telescoping all night, but this sequence of events played out at the sudden and dizzying speed of an event half remembered. Carter lurched forward, his feet tangled. Upright but badly off balance, he was carried by stumbling momentum across the platform. Sugar’s foot hit flat ground. She stretched a hand towards him, as far as it would go without jumping the socket. He tumbled across the yellow line and over the edge. A bright light entered her field of vision. She reached the edge of the platform and saw dirty glass, tired faces, dulled aluminum. She touched it. Then a man was on the tracks. A Chinese man in a blue uniform, staring at her. He pointed a flashlight at her and shook his head. The flashlight had a bright red smudge on it.

After a few seconds of horror, that part of her shut down and her survival instinct took over. The switch was so automatic, so complete, that she experienced it almost as a physical sensation, a *cha-chunk* like the mechanism that switched old traffic lights from “Don’t Walk” to “Walk.” 

The horrific incident she had just witnessed was now a fact. A train accident meant there would be police. The police would question her, take down her information. When they looked up her name, they would find things, and then they would come for her. She could not allow that to happen. The solution was simple: Run. Now.

She scrambled up the stairs and decided, rather than roaming conspicuously around Midtown in the middle of the night, to head back downtown. She ran through the tunnel and back to the D train, noting with a sardonic smile how carefully she descended the stairs to the platform. It was almost completely empty, and the wait was excruciating, her eyes darting from staircase to staircase, each second bringing with it the possible arrival of the police. Sometimes she pictured a pair of tired-looking, suit-wearing detectives like on “Law and Order.” Sometimes it was a phalanx of Kevlar-vested cops with guns drawn. Sometimes it was a single, streetwise beat cop, flashlight and nightstick dangling from his belt, offering an outstretched hand and a melancholy, understanding expression and saying, “Come with me now. It’s all over.”

But in the end it was just the D train. She boarded and dropped herself into one of the orange-fiberglass seats. Her galloping heart began to slow and she took a few deep breaths. 

As the adrenaline stopped pouring into her bloodstream and her fear subsided, it was replaced with sadness and a kind of disbelief. The events of the night — really, of the past few days — were so fast, so unusual, so unlike any other period of her life that she was already starting to feel as if she had imagined them. Imagined Carter entirely. 

*But he was like me,* she thought.

No sooner did this notion form than a great wave of anger rose up to push it down. 

She fucked up. She got careless. She got comfortable. She got close. And she knew it. Knew better. Now someone was dead and she was in danger. The good spot she’d found for herself had just been blown the fuck up. She might have to leave the city entirely. 

*He was like me.* Oh, was he? Was he an interstate-bail-jumping exhibitionist who conned people out of their money by telling them he had cancer? No, but he liked music and sometimes he felt lonely. Was that what she was giving it all up for? Some sentimental, self-pitying romantic bullshit? This whole thing has just been unbelievably stupid. Inexcusably fucking stupid. 

The last word she had said to him before he died — before a motherfucking *train* ran him over — was ‘twat-hair.’ That’s all she needed to remember about this. That’s the fucking lesson. That’s how it ends.

She looked up. The train was pulling into West 4th Street. She remembered the barista. The Cake Shop. Ludlow Street. Was she too late? Only one way to find out. Her side of the train was empty and her back was to the rest of the car. As the train passed back into the tunnel she quickly reached up under her dress, lifted herself off the seat slightly, tugged off her underwear and shoved it in her pocket. At Grand Street she got off, walked up to Delancey, crossed and turned left on Ludlow. She entered, descended into the claustrophobic hipster-hoarder basement where the bar was located, and scanned the crowd. It was dim and busy and the sound system was blasting stoner metal at conversation-inhibiting volume. She pressed into the mob and moved along the bar. There was a tap on her shoulder. As usual, she was more likely to be found than to find.

“Hey!” She turned. “Sugar? It’s me, Geoff!” He was sitting on a stool, half-turned and leaning on the bar. He raised his beer to her. “I’m glad you made it. Where’s your friend?”

She pulled the panties out of her pocket and dangled them in front of his face. A single stiff hair fluttered off and landed in his beer. 

“Right here,” she said. 

Geoff took it in stride. “Very nice to meet you,” he said coolly. 

These things never ended the way you imagined, did they, Geoff? Well, maybe tonight was the night.

“Can I buy you two a beer?” Geoff said. 

Sugar shoved her hand back into her pocket. “Shut up. Put that shit down. And come with me.” She turned on her heel and started working her way through the crowd. She didn’t look back to see if he was following, and when she pushed open the door to the ladies’ room she didn’t hold it open for him. She didn’t acknowledge the girl washing up at the sink. She entered the first stall and only then did she turn around. Geoff latched it behind them and began to unbuckle his belt. 

“No,” she said, putting a hand on his. Then she grabbed his waistband and pulled with surprising violence, bringing him off-balance and down to his knees. She hiked up her dress and sat on the edge of the toilet. The seat was warm against her skin. She put a hand around the back of Geoff’s neck and jerked him forward, using the other hand to shove his head down into her crotch. She felt his stubble brush her thigh. She felt his chin bump up against the porcelain. 

“You will give me oral pleasure,” she said. 