Friday nights on the 7 were their own sort of upside-down, like rush hour in a city whose main industries were binge drinking and cleaning high-rise office buildings. Before midnight, they would pile into the Manhattan-bound trains; after midnight, even more of them would pack the trains home.

But that didn’t last much past 1:30. Between then and the end of his shift at 5 a.m, Xu Kong served a silent, empty city. The four seconds that the doors stayed open for no one while he made announcements to his deserted train would become interminable by the end of the night. It was the opposite of running behind, a nagging feeling that if they could just get the hell out of there and get to the next station, it would all be over sooner.

It was strange, but he did not really enjoy playing during these stretches. It felt like disturbing the silence. And he was just too tired and bored. With nothing to escape from, he had trouble concentrating on music in such short bursts. Usually he would just keep his little conductor’s window open and stare out it, losing himself in the same landscape details over and over again. A certain building in Woodside with an unusual checkerboard pattern in its brick. The hints of personality peeking up from the rows of cubicles in the glassy Long Island City office buildings, where they kept the lights on all night. The orange glow of streetlights just barely illuminating the old NASA rockets in Flushing Meadows. Improbably placed graffiti tags left by FEINT and VOMIT. The rusted-out saloon car body atop a Willets Point scrap heap.

Twenty years and eight thousand miles, and here he was, still staring out the window of a train at a sleeping city in the middle of the night, wearing a stupid hat. It was every immigrant’s dream, to cross the oceans only to find the same exact goddamn job waiting for you on the other side.

The punishing predictability of 2012 Queens was like the Dante's Inferno distillation of what he'd fled to twenty years earlier, a refuge from the impending collision of the feverishly booming Hong Kong of the early ’90s and the looming transfer to Chinese rule. Assurances had been made, of course, that the handoff would be the farthest thing from a wholesale Communist takeover. But how was he to know if there was a place for him in the anteroom of totalitarianism? What use did the disciples of Mao have for virtuosity, art, truth? 

It had seemed only natural at the time for Xu Kong, a talented twenty-something with stars in his eyes, a harmonica in his pocket and a chip on his shoulder, to make his life decisions with such idealistic grandiosity. After all, he had yet to live in Flushing. 

It was a residual boyhood fascination with trains that brought Xu Kong to his first job with the MRT, sweeping stations and emptying trash after school as a teenager. His father had allowed it, humoring his son's strange but ultimately harmless insistence on soiling his hands with menial labor. 

It was a simple contrarian impulse as much as anything else that led him to the MRT in the first place. The choice was more or less arbitrary — the metro had grown up alongside him, established in the 1970s and continually expanding throughout the territories, and that had seemed as good a reason as any. He found that the anonymity of his uniform and the monotony of the trains’ ubiquitous red stripe had an enjoyable novelty and were sometimes positively refreshing, fulfilling that universal teenage desire to simply vanish off the face of the earth now and then. None of the surging stockbrokers or harried commuters streaming around him on the platform would have suspected the kid in the red boilersuit of being the featured soloist on a harmonica the length of his arm in the orchestra at his college (“high school” to  Americans, another source of incurable confusion). 

At university, where he was something of a curiosity even at the Academy for Performing Arts, he stayed on as a station agent, working part-time to subsidize his burgeoning instrument collection. He returned a few years later, this time on a full-time basis, after parting ways with the Chinese YMCA Harmonica Orchestra, and it began to seem less like a character-building exercise on his route to celebrated genius and more like the only practical thing he was actually qualified to do. It was mindless, procedural, requiring very little of himself. He graduated from the ticket booth to the platform, dispatch, eventually to the conductor's seat, while in his real life setting aside performing and finding work doing harmonica arrangements for secondary school orchestras. It involved minimal human contact and he did it for cheaper than the rest of the YMCA sei puk gai. 

In time he was surprised to find himself appreciating the challenge of running a metro train. With all its moving parts, finicky features and human factors, it could in its own way be just as complex and creative as leading an orchestra or arranging a harmonica part from a Mozart concerto. But the lonely, desolate nights were the same as they must have been in any city. Where once were people, now was silence, and the streets, stripped of their purpose, revealed their ultimate futility. At the end of a night shift he would take the double-decker back to his apartment block, watching out the window as it passed between the snoring skyscrapers of Central, dark and vacant except for a single floor in a certain office tower on Queensway that was always radiating sickly green fluorescent light, the foreign trade department of some bank shackled to overseas business hours. A ball of death is approaching this city, he would think, a burning red comet that the Crown and all the ministers are swearing up and down will pass us by. And if they were wrong? Would the bankers protect the harmonica players from the tanks of Tiananmen Square? He was guiding empty trains through the darkness toward the end of history. The future was already in the past. 

Twenty years later, he was guiding empty trains through the darkness toward Times Square. Surely that was the end of something too. 

This run to Times Square was Xu Kong’s last for the night. He handed it off to the next man and walked back to partake in the one perk of his job that he actually appreciated, which was hitching a ride home in the unused rear cockpit.

It was nearly 6 a.m. when the train arrived at Main Street. He checked in at the crew room to clock out and made for the surface, emerging onto Roosevelt Avenue under the chilly grey sun of an autumn Saturday. 

Flushing at this hour was still rubbing the sleep jam from its eyes. The gates on the newsstands, tea houses and dumpling stalls were starting to be rolled up, the hawkers were arranging their bootleg wares in their sidewalk alcoves under the LIRR tracks, the day’s fish and produce were being unloaded from trucks, the engines in the buses lining Roosevelt were turning over.

Downtown Flushing was a notably dirty place, in a city not known for its cleanliness (yet another thing about New York that Xu Kong had never fully gotten used to). The dull morning light gave it an especially grimy cast, and in addition to the customary layer of blackened bits of chewing gum ground into the concrete, the pavements and streets in the Main Street corridor bore a permanent sheen, some noxious mixture of cooking oil, liquefied trash, motor exhaust, rotting fruit and fish, and the ubiquitous black dirt that seemed to be part of the air in this town.

The neighborhood was a Chinatown that eclipsed Manhattan’s in area and population as well as insularity. Downtown was crammed with dingy stores, restaurants, salons, markets, bakeries, car parks and mini shopping malls, many of which had not even bothered to put any English words on their signs. Being all the way out in eastern Queens, it was not surrounded by the variety of downtown Manhattan, and it seemed to just go on forever, growing increasingly suburban as it moved north, east and south. 

The core of the neighborhood was small, maybe six blocks along Main Street and its two parallels, Prince and Union. It was dominated by two hulking structures: at the north end of Main Street, a Depression-era RKO movie palace that had fallen into dereliction and malingered in the hands of incompetent or corrupt developers for decades; a few blocks south, a brand new, 12-story glass box packed with upscale clothing stores, restaurants, art galleries and offices and plastered with garish video billboards that illuminated the street with flashes of red and white. It was choked with traffic, because it was an old neighborhood with narrow streets that also served as a central hub for the Queens bus system and lay at the convergence of several main roads and motorways. 

But at this hour, it was damp and cold, Xu Kong was hungry, nothing was open but a few crap bodegas, and what meager warmth the rising sun might have afforded was blotted out by the endless scaffolding that had sprouted around previously fallow buildings. It seemed like half the goddamn neighborhood was under construction these days. He zipped his jacket up to the top, shoved his hands in his pockets and turned south on Main Street, under the LIRR trestle. His block was a little ways outside of downtown, neither close enough to be convenient nor far enough to justify waiting for a bus. He turned on Kissena, which split off from Main Street at the curvy, very mid-’90s-looking library that reminded him of a Hong Kong bank office, and made a left four streets down on Ash. It was second on the left in a corridor of nondescript, ’50s-vintage brown brick boxes. Fourth floor. The morning’s New York Times at his threshold. 

He rummaged around the refrigerator for some takeaway leftovers and stuck them in the microwave. While they heated he went into the living room. Like the kitchen, it was unremarkable: sunken couch, coffee table, aging tube television. Truth was, the flat had essentially lain in state since Yuming left. Xu Kong saw little point in trying to improve anything. The only exception was the stereo system – his only major indulgence, really. The flat was wired for some serious sound. Speakers in every room, including the loo, which he had done because it was the sort of thing you realized you could do when you were 40 years old and newly alone. 

He queued up a collection of Debussy piano suites, poured two fingers of whisky into a coffee mug — it was not so hard to pretend the sun was going down instead of up — and sat down at the kitchen table with his reheated noodles and his newspaper.

Dining in the cramped kitchen was one of the rituals that he and Ah-ming had always insisted on, lounging in front of the television with dinner being an early step on the slippery slope to becoming a fatty American. It was ingrained in him still. At least now he had enough space on the table to spread out his goddamn mess of a paper. 

As the pleasant buzz of his morning whisky set in, he soon lost patience with it, gathering the disassembled sections and tossing them in his paper bin. He refilled his mug and took it with him to the spare bedroom, which might have more properly been called his lair — part office, part study, part workshop, part storage unit, all within a 10-by-10 room with one window, one electrical outlet and no closet. He had a single rolling chair; a desk with a rapidly declining desktop computer and various papers filed away in it; a work table strewn with musical scores, various tools and gadgets, and harmonicas in various states of disassembly; a couple of bookshelves; the massive black steamer trunk that had housed his instrument collection since back when he was at university; and the old crib, which he had converted into a kind of shelving unit by releasing one of the drop-down side rails and stacking a mess of crates inside and beneath it. 

Most of his spare time was spent aimlessly in this room with the stereo piped in to the speakers he had hung in the corners, tooling around and looking for new arrangements to occupy himself with. He played for hours daily, not because he derived much pleasure from it, and not because he strove for any particular goal or opportunity, but simply because there was little else his mind would allow him to do. In his youth this affliction would be called drive, passion, fire, even something approaching genius; by the end, Ah-ming had deemed it, in no uncertain terms, nothing more than pathetic, servile devotion to a demon who would brook no competition for his time, attention and love.

It’s a fair cop, he thought. But the demon had remained at his side, while everyone else had gone.