“No sweat” was not something you said about late-night subway rides in the outer boroughs if you wanted to be taken seriously, but it was too late. Charged with drink and restless energy, Sugar grew antsy on the L train and found the wait for the mercurial G just about interminable. 

“I don’t think I’ve ever actually been to Queens,” she said, hovering in the yellow stripe on the Metropolitan Avenue platform and shooting quick glances up and down the tracks into the darkness. “What’s it like?” 

“I’m not sure how to explain it,” the guy said. “I guess I would say that it’s ... *real*.”

“What the dick does that mean?” she said, wrinkling her nose. “Do I look like I want to go someplace ‘real’?” 

“Don’t you ever get tired of all this, though? Of, I don’t know, just of Brooklyn?” he said. “Sometimes it seems like there aren’t any real old-school New Yorkers here anymore, you know? But you go to Queens and it’s like, there’s no bullshit. It’s just people living their lives. Whole lambs hanging in the butcher shop windows. Awesome little neighborhood ethnic stores and restaurants that nobody else knows about. Fat old Italian guys who still smoke in the neighborhood bar. You know. *Real* shit.”

“I don’t want to die in Queens,” said Sugar, on one leg, leaning dangerously out over the edge of the platform. “You want to climb down on the tracks with me and lay some rail?”

“Um. What?”

Sugar quit her dance around the platform edge and enveloped herself in the sweater cape. She stepped to him and became suddenly very still. “I am not joking,” she said, quietly. “I want you to drag me down in that filthy water and fuck me ’til my cunt’s so loose you could shove a Big Mac in it.”

“I don’t, um… think that’s a good idea?” he said with a smirk. “Unless you’d prefer to die under a G train.”

“I already know where I’m going to die. In a **FUCKING HOSPITAL**!” 

An awkward quiet smothered the eerily filthy station as her outcry drew surprised, curious and annoyed looks from the smattering of hipsters and middle-aged Polish people they shared the platform with.  

“Um.” the guy said eventually. “Sorry. That was weird. I don’t know how we got to talking about death so much.” He made an awkward try at chuckling ironically.

“No worries, not your fault,” Sugar said. “It’s probably because I’m dying.”

He gave a little snort and seemed to be waiting for a signal from her as to whether he should continue with the rest of the laugh.

“Of cancer,” she said.

She watched intently as his face tried to decide how to react: the skin-tightening mask of shock; the false calm of disbelief; a confused rejection of his own senses; a flash of frustrated anger at striking out so absurdly; the eyebrows’ attempt at knowing, comforting sympathy; and the complete incoherence of the final, despairing short-circuit. This all took about ten seconds. 

“Shit,” he said thickly. 

“I’m checking into a cancer center tomorrow,” she said. “Which is why you’re gonna throw it in me tonight.” 

He opened his mouth slightly, as if to say something, but the look on his face told Sugar that the words were weighed down with the futility of seeking a sensible way to comfort a horny, dying stranger with a pirate ship tattooed on her back. 

“Don’t worry,” she said. “It’s in the early stages. My oncologist says I can still fuck. As long as we don’t do anal. Sorry.”

Sugar didn’t like surprises. She told stories like this a lot, and the reason for that — besides the fact that it was fucking hilarious — was that it would catch people off guard and force them to reveal something about their true selves. A fundamentally cocky guy would react like he’d been contacted by the Make-A-Wish Foundation and it was an honor he’d secretly expected all along, and he’d be a stingy motherfucker once he’d given her the greatest gift of all (his penis). But most people, being basically self-absorbed and terrified, would either freak out and just give her whatever she asked for to avoid catching cancer from her or try and be nice to her because that’s what you’re supposed to do to people with cancer and then basically just surrender to her because they didn’t know how to act. It was best to have some idea what kind of night she’d be in for while there was still time to jump ship.

This guy, who had now resorted to just mouthing things wordlessly, had pretty much tilted like a goddamn pinball machine. She had flustered him enough already that he lacked the presence of mind to even tell her his name. Hopefully his friends at the magical lamb carcass warehouse or whatever the fuck would be a little more entertaining.

And then, finally, they heard the telltale clanking of the rails, followed a few seconds later by the train trundling into the station. As if a switch had flipped somewhere inside her, Sugar brightened and practically skipped towards the door. 

“Come on, slut,” she said. “We’re going to Queens!”

It was only about ten minutes to Court Square, the last stop, where they transferred to the 7. As they rode the glass-enclosed escalator to the elevated platform, Sugar stared wide-eyed out the windows at the dark, deserted streetscape of Jackson Avenue like a kid on her first trip to the aquarium. “Wow,” she said. “It’s like Brooklyn without the people and buildings.” On the platform she gawked at the Citibank building, towering apologetically over a landscape of warehouses, dumpy rowhouses, vast taxi lots and festering black pits lined with orange construction fencing. “People work here?” she breathed. Then in the other direction was the Queensboro Bridge. “Beige cage,” she intoned. When the 7 pulled in she caught a glimpse of its passing insignia and squealed, “It’s purple!” During their quick ride, just two stops, she whispered, “They all look so miserable,” and “Why is everyone in Queens so ugly?” 

He had no rejoinders, nothing but discomforted silence. 

But even silence wasn’t very quiet on the subway. The resonant clattering and steely squealing of the jerking, aging cars offered a welcome distraction for Sugar, whose repertoire of offensive non sequiturs had been depleted by the long trip. She listened to it almost meditatively, closing her eyes, taking a break from her surroundings, which she did truly find to be oversaturated with uglies and sads. After a few seconds she noticed an odd sound amid all the heavy machinery. Something wispy, metallic, even plaintive — like a harmonica played with a violin bow, even though that made no sense.

Then again, for all she knew, the undercarriage of a subway car could have all kinds of wispy, metallic and plaintive parts in it. Besides, there wasn’t actually anyone on the train playing the harmonica, holding out their grimy baseball cap or Mexican cowboy hat and muttering “go’bless” as the train barreled underground. Maybe she’d just been in New York long enough that the sound of broken things banging against each other reminded her of music.