Sunday was relatively quiet at the Mill — there was no show that night — and Sugar spent most of it laying on one of Rishima's couches, tapping out her review for Scoty on a battered white Macbook she produced from her satchel, sipping from a near-empty bottle of Jameson she found on one of the shelves in the kitchen, and bingeing on the new Grizzly Bear and their back catalog while she idly browsed her Twitter, Tumblr and Instagram feeds and did some light googling on the Silent Mill and the Grey Swan Pencil Company. There wasn't much of interest beyond what Rishima had told her — mostly some old photos on history blogs and a handful of real estate articles. Nothing at all on the family. Hardly anything on the Silent Mill either — the name popped up in some venue listings, show reviews, photo captions from the past year or so, but otherwise didn't seem to be on anyone's radar. 

One of Rishi's people — that seemed to be what people close to her called her, "Rishi" — one of Rishi's hacker bros came by in the afternoon to work with her for a few hours on some other project she seemed to be advising him on. Sugar mostly ignored them but it sounded like he was making a thing for people to pay other people to give up their parking spots? Chubby guy, big pink face, tshirt with a huge screen-printed weeping Jesus face on it like on those candles they sold in bodegas.  "Radley" or "Remi" or some insufferable name. Then the only other highlight was Carter materializing silently on stage, plugging in a guitar and coaxing a single dental-drill-sounding noise out of it over and over again for a solid twenty minutes at a conversation-disturbing volume, then disappearing back into his room again without so much as acknowledging the existence of anyone else. 

Monday morning was a different story entirely. The deathtrap freight elevator got a workout as Carter accepted a stream of deliveries: FreshDirect, cases of beer, jugs of Poland Spring for the water cooler, a pallet of toilet paper. Tafari's grease-veneered, eye-level oven pumped out two loaves of bread at a time while he assembled and wrapped sandwiches with excruciating deliberation, pausing every minute or so to consult the orders streaming in via Twitter and poke out an occasional update or reply. The band members intermittently rehearsed and messed around with lighting and sound equipment in preparation for that night's show, and Rishi's full coterie of developers crowded the corner, occasionally shouting at each other to be heard through the massive headphones pumping EDM into their earholes (though they mostly, Sugar discovered, communicated via some ghetto-looking chat room program even though they were all sitting there facing one another). Zev sat stooped over a laptop on one of the couches in the middle of the room, making a series of phone calls on speaker. 

Around noon Sugar left, zig-zagging over to Jackson Avenue to catch the G at 21st. The trip to Williamsburg was surprisingly quick — just three stops to Metropolitan. The *Manhole* office was in a converted garage near the BQE on North 8th Street, just a five-minute walk from the station. It didn’t have a proper doorway, probably because of some dubious subdividing on the part of the building’s landlord, so they’d just cut one into the roll-up door that closed off the loading dock. When it got hot or particularly smelly, Edie, the aggressively sex-positive office manager, would open the dock, flooding the space with light and air and leaving the floor-bolted jamb and door smack in the middle like something out of a Bugs Bunny cartoon. On this chilly October day it was closed, the cavernous room grimly green with fluorescent light.

“What’s poppin’, twats?” Sugar yelled as she closed the door behind her. 

The room was mostly empty, as usual, only about half of the dozen classroom-salvage teacher desks and makeshift art tables occupied, the rest of the space devoted to a kitchen and lounge area and Scoty’s office and conference room, lofted above it all in the back.