Xu Kong awoke in time to see the sunset, brewed himself a pot of black tea and drank it on the couch with the evening news. Saturday would be his night off and he was in no particular rush to begin it.

He finished his tea in a leisurely manner and retired to his workshop. A project was gnawing at him and he had been too worn out after work to attend to it.

Many of his arrangements were of pieces that had originally been written for violin. They tended to be a better fit for his instrument than piano concertos, for example; the pianist had two hands while Xu Kong was limited to a single mouth. The challenge was always how to approximate the range and fullness of the violin’s four strings. There were different varieties of harmonica with hole configurations designed for more complex sounds — chromatics, chord harmonicas, and so on — but Xu Kong preferred the flashier, more robust technique of stacking several tremolo harmonicas and playing them simultaneously. Each one would be set back a few millimeters from the one below it, which let the coverplates sit flush and allowed him to play each one individually or two simultaneously (sometimes three, if he was really pushing it). This could produce a simple multiplying effect, doubling the notes for a richer tone, but if each were differently keyed, the possibilities increased exponentially. A common practice in the Hong Kong school was to stack two tremolos keyed a half-step apart rather than use a chromatic. A more advanced style was to play more than two at once, and to mix and match different keys to open up new chord possibilities.

Xu Kong had fairly large hands, and he could hold four at once securely. Bizet’s Overture to Carmen was a four-job, and one of his real showstoppers. The feelings of awe and delight created by sight of a man playing a stack of harmonicas nearly the size of his head were what he held as the mark a true virtuoso artist, rather than someone who simply played quite fast.

But lately he had decided that four was not enough, and he needed to push beyond the limits of human anatomy. Five, six, seven keys at once? All twelve? Theoretically, if he could fashion some kind of rack to hold them together, there was no limit. If he could lift it, he could play it. If he could not lift it, he could probably mount the whole lot on some kind of wheel or sliding fixture. He could play all keys at once. Every possible chord permutation at his fingertips. A single instrument on which all songs could be played. A triumph over the challenge posed by the nature of the instrument.

He spent some time sketching out an idea on some graph paper at his work table. What if he could mount all twelve keys on a free-spinning rail? Then by stacking them he could swap and reconfigure them not just song by song, but note by note. With four rails, he could always be playing two while queueing up the other two for the next chord change. Over the next few hours he filled several pages with sketches in fast, confident strokes and extensive annotations. They looked like something out of Da Vinci’s notebooks, sober instructions for assembling mechanical devices that were elegantly insane. 

The work absorbed him and a wave of adrenaline carried him to the finish, but looking up from the table at the same old cluttered study, battered trunk, wheezing computer and sagging crib weighted down with the crates of tools and assorted junk was like a dunk in cold water. He felt a spasm of revulsion at the sight and mere thought of his empty flat. He looked down at his sketches again and what had been inspired and exhilarating a few moments ago now just looked pathetic. Why did he need this cockamamie machine? Who would he play it for? His “art.” What a bunch of bollocks. 

He went into the kitchen to sit alone at the table with a double whisky, drinking it neat so that each sip would be harsh and undiluted. Then he pulled on a jacket and shoes, grabbed his keys and wallet, and left.

He made for downtown. It was after midnight, and the garish lights of the never-off flashing signs revealed streets that were slick and empty. Nearly everything on Kissena and Main Street was closed, but he turned south, past the library, and on the right side of the street was Prosperity Dumpling, a blaze of cold fluorescent light amid the darkened windows and security gates.

The place was a small corridor of brown linoleum with a few cheap tables up front and a counter in back. A group of young and probably drunk people occupied a couple of the tables and a TV suspended from the ceiling was tuned to a Cantonese news broadcast. Xu Kong made for the back and took his usual seat at the end of the counter, where he was the only patron. 

The pudgy, pointy-bearded cook looked up at the loud scraping sound when Xu Kong pulled out his stool and his eyes brightened. “My friend!” he said in Cantonese. “Time for your breakfast?”

“More like tea time, Ping Yaoxi,” Xu Kong replied.

The cook laughed as he began preparing Xu Kong’s unspoken order, doughy fried pork dumplings with a side of Yangzhou fried rice. Xu Kong was never quite sure what he found funny about this remark, but this was their routine.

“So what’s going on,” Xu Kong said as he watched the man’s stubby hands crimp the dumplings shut.

“Oh, the kid, always with the kid!” he said, looking up without interrupting his work. “Can’t stay out of trouble at school. Getting in fights, failing his classes. Going to wind up like his old man. He’s too smart for this.”

“What’s his problem then?”

“Who the hell knows? It’s not like he’s going to tell me. He’s a 16-year-old American. We had a meeting with his teachers, but I don’t think either of us has enough English to know what the hell any of them were talking about. City schools. It’s a joke.”

Xu Kong nodded and watched the man cook for a few moments. He lit two burners and flipped a pair of woks into the twin columns of flame, squirting a puddle of oil into each one. While they heated he took his cleaver in hand, scraped the pile of dumplings out of the way, and rapidly diced a fistful of scallions, a carrot, a few cloves of garlic, a hacked-off hunk of pineapple, and a cut of char siu. Then he used the cleaver to scoop up the dumplings and drop them in one wok and cracked two eggs into the other, scrambling them with a spatula and then adding a bowl of cold white rice and a healthy measure of soy sauce, tossing it all as he shook the sizzling pan. After a minute he scooped in the rest of his ingredients along with a handful of green peas and continued loudly tossing it over the fire.

“Maybe it’s best you don’t have a kid,” he said as he gave the dumplings a shake. “They just don’t make any damn sense. I don’t know what else to do.”

Xu Kong frowned a little. “When I was in Form 5, you know,” he said eventually, “I was just one or two demerits from getting kicked out myself.”

“Really? You?”

Xu Kong gave a rueful grin as he dipped into the memory. “Well, you know. I wasn’t a delinquent and all that. The opposite, really. I was just too smart for it all.” He gave a short laugh. He could still feel viscerally that teenage sensation of suddenly discovering his total superiority to the rest of humanity. In his case it came along with the understanding of just how freakish his musical talent was. When he played, in his mind he could actually see the notes scrolling by on a staff as he played them. When his focus clicked in, the music seemed to slow down for him, and the spaces between the notes became interminable pauses, gaping holes to be filled in with more notes. They popped up on the staff and he played them, and next time the song came around his extra notes were still where he had left them. This was purely unconscious and not a process he ever thought about, until a stray conversation with some fellow orchestra members opened his eyes to just how unusual that was. That epiphany altered his most fundamental understanding of what a human being even was — and made him truly impossible to deal with, especially for authority figures. “All I really cared about was music,” he said. “And the only way I would do things was my way.”

Ping Yaoxi set the plates of dumplings and rice in front of him. “Oh, your music. That’s something special, now.”

Xu Kong dug into the rice with his chopsticks. “Not as much as you’d think,” he said.

The cook ignored him. “Everybody wishes they had some kind of special talent. We wish our kids have it. If I had a special talent, you think I’d be frying dumplings for you at one in the morning? But if I get on the 7  at one in the morning, you’ll be the one driving me. I don’t understand you, Xu Kong.” 

Xu Kong popped a dumpling in his mouth and chewed it sullenly, looking down at his plate.

“No, you don’t,” he said, sounding testy. “You sound like my wife. Ex-wife.” He frowned and fixed his eyes on his plate again.

Looking sheepish, Ping Yaoxi spent some time tidying up his prep area while Xu Kong ate darkly. A “special talent” wasn’t worth so much when it was for something nobody wanted — and when it was accompanied by a distinct lack of talent for the things people did want. In Hong Kong they had tried to make him just another member of the ensemble – a rigid mentality that left him no way to push himself. In New York they had treated him as a novelty act, encouraging the flamboyance of his virtuoso runs without taking him as seriously as they would an equivalent talent on the violin or piano, trotting him out for one or two gee-whiz numbers. This precious talent was recognized without being respected.  

He looked up again at Ping Yaoxi, who was staring, mouth hanging slightly open, at the newscast on the television hanging in the corner, and felt the hot fingers of rage wrapping around his heart. The two of them put in the same honest day’s (or night’s) work. Who was this graveyard-shift wok jockey to question that? He didn’t know the first thing about Xu Kong’s “special talent,” and what he chose to do with that talent was none of his damned business. Was he under some sort of obligation to sacrifice his dignity to some idiotic orchestra to express his talent in a manner and amount acceptable to the guy who fried his rice? And who, let’s not forget, had never heard of this orchestra, would never see it perform, and had little hope of ever actually experiencing this talent he demanded? 

Xu Kong gasped for air. In his silent fuming he had forgotten to breathe. Ping Yaoxi looked at him, startled by the sound, but Xu Kong ducked his head down again to stare at his plate. His appetite was gone, crowded out by a violent flood of revulsion, and the food on the plate before him was nothing but limp, brown and greasy. He could feel the torrent of hot blood surging through the arteries of his skull and the caustic acid pouring into his stomach. He saw that his right hand had involuntarily tightened into a fist, smearing grease and soy sauce from his chopsticks on the meat of his palm. He closed his eyes and felt his eyelids pulsating against his corneas. 

Enough.

He reached into his jacket pocket for his wallet, pulled out a $10 bill, slapped it onto the counter and stalked out of the restaurant in silence.